Technology Committee
Minutes
June 21, 2018
The meeting was called to order at 9;30 am in Port Authority’s Neal H. Holmes Board
Room at 345 Sixth Avenue, Fifth Floor, Pittsburgh, with the following in attendance:
Board Committee Members
Robert Vescio, Committee Chair
Jennifer Liptak

Board Members and Solicitor
Michelle Zmijanac
Joel Lennen
John Tague, Jr.

1. Opening Remarks
Mr. Vescio, Committee Chair, opened the meeting and welcomed those in
attendance.
2. INTRODUCTION, 100 DAY PLAN INCLUDING INITIAL ASSESSMENT, AND
TECHNOLOGY ECOSYSTEM OVERVIEW (JEFFERY DEVLIN, CHIEF
INFORMATION OFFICER)
• Messages and communications
• Website
• Mobile Apps
• Internal and External Customers
• Technology thru the agency and outside of the agency
• Need to go out to the Garages to see how can we improve our operations
• Like to see what folks are using technology in a cool way
3. WHAT IS THE AGENCIES STRENGTHS?
• Core Network is strong
• Clever Devices – Independent, solid system. External data base and develop
apps
• Upgrading the software – very critical
• Not only IT Department but across the Agency – Technology projects ongoing
• New website in the next few months – communications that will make
ridership much easier
• External Partnerships
• Data Analysis – how can we use this to better ourselves
• Compliance with Credit Cards
4. WHAT IS THE AGENCIES WEAKNESSES?
• Environmental issues out at South Hills Village Rail Operations Control
Center, water issues with air conditioning, etc

 Planning and Stakeholder Relations Committee
Minutes
May 17, 2018
•

Communication – texting when there is disruption in service – need to work
on this

Mr. Devlin said he will be working on developing a Governance Advisory Group to find
out all the different Technology aspects and Wi-Fi being one of those. Maintenance
work order, what are we doing with the Intelligence Information System. Also looking at
all of the different software applications and how can we organize those.

2

 Planning and Stakeholder Relations Committee
Minutes
May 17, 2018

Questions from committee, board members and others
1. Mr. Tague, Jr. wanted to know if our system will be tied into the system with
Access
a) Mr. Devlin answered yes we had one conversation with Ms. Hoesch,
Ex. Director of Access
2. Mr. Vescio asked if we have census on ridership whom had smart phones
a. Ms. Kelleman answered no we do not have that data at this time but
will be working on a survey to gather that information
3. Mr. Vescio asked about getting Wi-Fi on the buses, rail and stations
a. Ms. Kelleman answered that will be costly but it is something we are
looking into with Scheidt & Bachmann
4. Mr. Tague, Jr. asked Mr. Devlin if he has looked at the various transit apps
a. Mr. Devlin answered he hasn’t looked yet

3

 