PRELIMINARIY ADOPTED
MINUTES FROM
COMPLETE COUNT COMMISSION MEETING
September 25, 2018
The meeting was called to order at 10:15 a.m. Chair Stroger asked for an attendance roll
call. Those members present at the Chicago location were Miguel Del Valle, Scott
Gryder, Theresa Mah, Griselda Vega Samuel, and Chair Stroger. The members present
at the Springfield location were Emily Burke and Michael Inman. Those members
present by phone were Eira Corral Sepulveda, Karen Eng, Alex Esparza, Emil Jones III,
Rose Joshua, Kathy Kane-Willis, and Leon Rockingham.
Due to the lack of quorum, the minutes from both the July and August meetings failed to
be adopted.
Chair Stroger asked for the subcommittee chairs to report on their efforts since the last
Commission meeting. As Co-Chair of the State/Local Government Subcommittee, she
gave a report. Member Mah followed for the Schools/Higher Education Institutions
Subcommittee. Member Vega Samuel and Member Kane-Willis followed for the Hard to
Count Subcommittee.
Chair Stroger reviewed and discussed current Commission business including the status
of the general and subcommittee brochures, the status of the Commission webpage, the
status of Commission letterhead, and the status of the Commission logo. Final copies of
both the general and subcommittee brochures were distributed to present Members for
final edits and suggestions. Chair Stroger noted that the subcommittee brochure is to be
printed at a 7000 count initially and given to Members for recruitment purposes. She also
noted that the subcommittee brochure will be placed on the Commission website where it
will be accessible.
Member Mah questioned whether a subcommittee function is to encourage the creation of
local/community complete count committees. Member Mah suggested that this function
be included under the list of subcommittee functions on said subcommittee brochure.
Chair Stroger responded by noting, conversely, that the general brochure and the
Commission website are to be used to encourage community members to establish,
register, and join local complete count committees. The subcommittee brochure’s
purpose is to inform the public about Commission created subcommittees.
Chair Stroger then turned to soliciting feedback on the general brochure. She stated that
SOS staff incorporated in the new final draft all previous suggestions from past meetings.
She also noted that the general brochure would be printed in a larger amount than the
subcommittee brochure. Various Members emphasized that the general brochure should
note the importance of confidentiality, and how the Census Bureau keeps personal
information private. Chair Stroger mentioned that the Commission website will have
direct links informing the public on confidentiality, as well as a link to US Code 13 (the
federal laws controlling the Census Bureau that provide strong protections for the

 information collected from individuals and businesses). The general brochure will also
be placed on the Commission website for direct access by the public.
Chair Stroger briefly touched on the Commission training held with the Census Bureau.
She mentioned that she could send out the power point on said training to all Members.
She also mentioned that she would inquire if the Census Bureau would be willing to
facilitate another training to the entire Commission with an emphasis on the Census’ low
response map. Chair Stroger requested that Members inform her on whether the Census
Bureau should return for a second Member training.
Chair Stroger then turned to focus on the Commission website, which is still under
construction, but which should be live later in the week. Members were shown a draft of
the Commission website. Chair Stroger stated that the website would incorporate the
same messaging from the two brochures with an intro to the Commission, its goal, the
importance of confidentiality, etc. She also mentioned that the website would inform the
public on how to get involved with local complete count commissions.
Chair Stroger stated that Audrey Evans (SOS employee) would manage public inquiries
lodged onto the Commission website. The website would incorporate a drop-down menu
to inform the public on how to form their own local complete count committee, how to
participate on a Commission subcommittee, and include a link to Census 2020 hiring.
The website will also include the census low response map highlighting hard to count
areas. Lastly, the website will list all scheduled events for the Commission, where
Members can add and edit scheduled events, and the public can view and suggest the
same. The website will also be translated into several different languages via Google
translate.
Next, Chair Stroger mentioned that the Census Kickoff/Press Event is tentatively
scheduled for Oct. 16, 2018 (with the date to be confirmed). She instructed Members to
email herself and Mary Riseling if they are able to attend on that date. She also
mentioned that Members could invite interested parties to attend. The Kickoff/Press
Event will be held in Chicago. Chair Stroger needs to confirm the finalities with the City
of Chicago Mayor’s Office, the IL Comptroller’s Office, and the Cook County
President’s Office.
Member Vega Samuel asked whether the Commission will construct a timeline with the
Commission’s goals, specific Commission events, etc., in order to help educate that
public on the census process. She also mentioned that a scheduled meeting should take
place in order to discuss the first report due to the IL General Assembly. Chair Stroger
agreed that a timeline should be created, and a strategy meeting should be had in order to
discuss the first report due.
Member Vega Samuel also asked about the census grant appropriation. Chair Stroger
mentioned that the SOS would submit emergency rules to JCAR in order to start the
formal bidding process. She mentioned that the RFP would be electronic and placed on
the SOS and Commission websites. Chair Stroger emphasized that the JCAR emergency

 rule process should clarify any needed language that the census grant did not include in
its original appropriation. SOS General Counsel, Irene Lyons, mentioned that the two
grants directed to the SOS, the census grant ($1.5 million) and immigrant community
grant ($2.5 million), are unrelated and for two different purposes. However, the RFP
process for both grants will be similar in nature and available to the public.
Member Burke asked whether the Commission could create an information packet for
Fortune 500 companies. Things to include in the information packet are: (1) the
Commission brochures, (2) a Commission welcome letter on Commission letterhead, (3)
an invitation for Fortune 500 companies to participate in the census process, and (4)
information on partnering with the Commission and local complete count commissions.
Member Del Valle inquired as to what local schools would do to garner participation in
the census. He stated that the ISBE could be instrumental in reaching school districts and
disseminating information to families. Dr. Dixon, ISBE, could become a member of a
subcommittee. Chair Stroger mentioned that the Commission would pursue additional
avenues to reach students and families, such as a poster contests, etc. She stated that the
Census Bureau has good outreach information. She will follow-up with representatives
from the Census Bureau regarding the same. Chair Stroger also emphasized that the
Commission could create a “press kit” with information regarding the Commission and
the 2020 census. She stated that the Commission is already in the process of building this
“press kit” with creating the two brochures, etc.
Chair Stroger stated that the next Commission meeting would be on 10/23/18. She will
send out a reminder email to all Members regarding the same. She then opened the floor
to public comments and questions.
One member of the public, a representative from the IL Dept. of Veteran Affairs, asked if
the Commission made any plans to reach out to the military installation. She stated that
she could join the Hard to Count Subcommittee and proceed to build census relationships
with the military. This idea was met warmly by Members.
The meeting adjourned at 11:22 a.m.

 