ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC HEALTH
OFFICE OF HEALTH CARE REGULATION
LONG TERM CARE FACILITY ADVISORY BOARD MEETING
August 16, 2018 ● 10:00 AM – 12:00 PM
APPROVED MEETING MINUTES
I.

CALL TO ORDER AND INTRODUCTIONS
Connie Jensen called to order at 10:04 a.m.

MEMBERS PRESENT:

Patrick Baalke, Dr. Alma Labunski, Candice Moore, Mark McCurdy (proxy
Rob Lewis), George Bengel, Mike Bibo, Dr. Albert Maurer, Jamie Freschi,
Pamela Blatter, Dale Simpson, Karen Christensen, and Julie HarcumBrennan (proxy Suzanne Courtheoux)

MEMBERS NOT PRESENT:

Martin Gorbien

IDPH REPRESENTATIVES:

George Logan, Sean Dailey, Sherry Barr, Connie Jensen, Tena Horton,
Michelle Millard, Daniel Levad, Andrew Schwartz, Sara Wilcockson, and
Henry Kowalenko

GUESTS:

Andrew Proctor

A quorum was established.
II. APPROVAL OF MEETING MINUTES
Connie Jensen asked was there any discussion on the meeting minutes from the May 16 th meeting.
No discussion from the Board. She asked if the Board had a motion to approve the minutes as
presented. Karen Christensen motioned and Mike Bibo seconded. Unanimously voted and the
minutes were approved.
III. MEMBERSHIP UPDATE
Connie Jensen informed the Board that there were no member updates. There are no membership
vacancies and the Board is very pleased.
IV. UNFINISHED BUSINESS
Connie Jensen stated that there is a misnomer on the agenda as far as rule updates. This discussion
is related to rule updates. She requested that Sean Dailey provide information to the Board
regarding these updates.
A. Amendment to 77 Ill. Administrative Code 330 to Strike Subsection 330.910(f), which conflicts

with admissions language in Section 330.720.

Sean Dailey informed the Board that IDPH noticed that there is a conflict in Section 330.720(e),
which indicates that “no person shall be admitted to or kept in a facility with serious mental or
emotional problems based on a medical diagnosis. In 330.910 Section: Personnel, subsection (f),
states Facilities that care for mentally retarded or discharged psychiatric residents shall be
required to have a social worker who shall devote x amount of time to care for these people. This
is a conflict. Rather than to create an amendment by deleting (f) the Department wanted to
present to the Board and we were hoping that Bill Bell would be present. Bill Bell was with the
1

 Department for a long time and he might be able to identify if it was an accident or was there a
good reason why subsection (f) was published. Or, ask if subsection (f) already existed and then
the Department inserted the 720 e)3) and people already in the facility were grandfathered in.
Mike Bibo asked that Sean read 910 f) again and then read 720 as he is not so sure there is a
conflict. Sean agreed and stated that subsection 910 f) reads “Facilities that care for mentally
retarded or discharged psychiatric residents shall be required to have a social worker who shall
devote at least 40 hours per week providing that the facility cares for 75 or more residents. “
Subsection 720 e)3) states “No person shall be admitted to or kept in the facility who has serious
mental or emotional problems based on medical diagnosis”. Mike Bibo stated that there is a partial
conflict as 910 f) refers to both developmental disabilities and mental health psychiatric where 720
prohibits the mental health, but not the DD part.
Due to the many technical problems which occurred today, the teleconference parties were just
dialed in. They are Jamie Freschi, Dale Simpson, and Pamela Blatter. Connie Jensen advised the
callers that the Board had made introductions and approved the minutes as presented and are
now on the rules discussion. The discussion is centering on Administrative Code 330 Section
330.910 f) which appears to conflict with admissions language in Section 330.720. One section
makes a reference to psychiatric diagnosis as well as DD, and the other one references social
service. The Board was trying to get some background to see anyone had history regarding this
conflict.
Mike Bibo stated when Bill Bell returns next week, he will ask him to give Sean Dailey a call. Sean
reminded Mike Bibo that it is only a partial conflict. Sean asked if Subsection e)3) since based on
a medical diagnosis would just be MI, and that Section 910 mentions DD and MI. He suggested a
fix could be to change mental retarded to developmentally disabled and strike the reference to
discharged psychiatric residents. It would read “facilities that care for developmentally disabled
residents shall be required to have a social worker”. Sean asked Connie Jensen if it was
appropriate. Connie asked Sean to repeat the area that would be stricken. Sean stated that the
initial “idea” was to strike (f) as it appeared to be a conflict. Then, it was decided to bring it to the
Board and get their advice. Connie Jensen asked if the bottom line is does it still allow for the
admission of residents with serious mental illness into sheltered care. Sean stated “no”. Connie
Jensen wanted to ascertain that the Board was not switching that. Mike Bibo emphasized that it
would allow developmentally disabilities to remain; not the serious mentally ill. Connie stated
that the concern would be with the staffing of sheltered care.
No further discussion.
B. Amendment to 77 Ill. Administrative Code 300.110 g) regarding the Voluntary Closure of a

Facility

Sean Dailey indicated that these amendments are still being drafted and will be part of a larger
packet with other amendments. Mike Bibo informed the Board that there is a conflict between
the Federal law and the State law. Connie Jensen asked for clarification as to the reference of “60
day” versus “90 day”. Mike Bibo stated that either Federal or State law has a “90 day” provision
and that the Affordable Care Act has a different provision. Sean Dailey stated that if the State
statute conflicts with the Federal statute, it is out of the State’s hands. The Department could
possibly get with Legal and try to figure out what could be done.

2

 Andrew Proctor asked if the Department had a timeline as to when the packets would be
completed. Sean stated the amendment for shelter care could possibly be through quickly and to
the Governor’s Office. We may possibly have it by the November Board meeting. Andrew also
inquired as to when the larger packet would be completed. Sean stated possibly November and
if not, definitely February.
No further discussion.
V. OLD BUSINESS

A. Facilities Use of Serious Injury Incident Report Form

Connie Jensen advised the Board that Bill Bell suggested this as a topic. Bill was researching to
see what the facilities use as the Serious Injury Incident Report Form. This was the form the
Board worked on for a long time and went to a standardized form. The Department made it
available on the website. The form is not required. It was made available to ensure uniformity.
Connie estimated that 2-10% of the facilities actually utilized the form. This form is not required
in the language of the rules. The Department does allow the facility to email the form.
Mike Bibo stated that some facilities who have emailed the incident form have reported that
during their survey the facilities are being questioned by surveyors who indicate the form must
be faxed. Surveyors are indicating that the form must be faxed. The facilities are having to
retrieve the old information. Mike asked if the email address for the form is on the website.
Michelle and Connie stated that the Department would review the website as it could be a
possibility that the email address is not on the website. Connie advised the Board that she would
reach out to the surveyors and Explain that the option had been provide to allow for email
submission of incident reports.

B. Status of Distressed Facility Rules and Proposed Legislative Revision

Connie Jensen advised that this topic was presented by Bill Bell. Mike Bibo reminded the Board
members that this was a topic last year. This topic was about the distressed facilities and coming
forward with the language. IL Health Care and other associations asked that they be given the
opportunity to try to fix it. The intent was to make distressed facilities match special focus.
Special focus would be used as the definition versus a 2008 report based on 2004 data, which
would always require that there be 40+ distressed facilities in the State. The Department
allowed the associations time to complete. However, the sponsor wanted Wendy Meltzer’s
(Illinois Citizens for Better Care) input. Wendy was unavailable and the timeframe lapsed. All of
the associations decided to proceed next year (not during Veto session) and have explained to
the sponsor that Wendy wasn’t available. The group will have an opportunity to move forward
without her input for it to be published as legislation. Subsequently, Wendy would have the right
to review and make comment at that time.
Jamie Freschi informed Mike Bibo that she had been in contact with Wendy. Unfortunately,
Wendy had family concerns. She is now available and is very interested in having conversations
regarding the issue. Mike Bibo will inform that legislative staff and they will reach out to her
during the Fall. Jamie agreed that there is a delay. Connie Jensen wants to ensure the Board has
the correct contact information for Wendy.

3

 Dr. Maurer wanted to know what was the finalization of moving from distressed to compliant or
compliant to distressed. Mike Bibo indicated that the proposed rule had a three (3) year look
back and get off the point system of having x number of points. What was drafted by the
Associations in legislation would mirror the special focus on the Federal side. The intent was to
follow the special focus criteria. If you are a special focus facility on the Federal side, you are
distressed facility from the State side The State would have the ability to have more stringent
requirements if warranted. Getting on and off the “distressed facility list would be similar to the
Special Focused requirements.
George Bengel joined the conference via telephone.
Dr. Maurer asked if it is still possible for a facility in compliance to be moved to a distressed
designation. Mike Bibo indicated that it is not possible as the regulations have not been adopted.
Dr. Maurer commented that a physician would not understand distressed facility issues, as he
didn’t until being on the Board. Dr. Maurer asked if there is anyway the Board could keep the
attending physicians involved in this process, and that legal could possibly have some comments
regarding this issue. Andrew Schwartz stated if it is wanted to be included in the legislation it
could be part. But, Andrew was unsure specifically what Dr. Maurer was referring to when stating
“keeping physicians aware”. Dr. Maurer stated he is referring to the implementation on any rule
or regulation with regard to physicians’ understanding. He could see where there would be a
possibility where a resident in a distressed facility that is made a distressed facility might claim
substandard care. Andrew Schwartz stated if the answer is “once the law gets amended to
reconsider putting some physician information notification in the regulation that implement the
law into effect”, then certainly the State can draft and bring to the Board for consideration. Mike
Bibo advised current special focus facilities are obligated to notify the medical community,
referring hospitals, family members and others (i.e., Medical Directors). From the same
standpoint, this would be the same triggers.
Andrew Schwartz reemphasized that it is something to consider if the law is successfully
amended and the State implements regulations. Dr. Maurer provided a scenario for the Board.
Mike Bibo advised Dr. Maurer that the Board should wait until we have legislation drafted in
order to provide such comments. Andrew Schwartz concurred that until legislation is active the
Department would have a problem with engaging with IDFPR to let them know that there is new
legislation. IDFPR would chose to inform, contact and educate how they deem appropriate for
their licensees.
No further discussion.

C. Status of Informed Consent Form and Rulemaking

Connie Jensen advised the Board that there are not any updates on this topic.

D. Proposal of a rule change to Section 300.120 – Application for License:
Amend Section 300.120 e) by adding a new 6) “Each facility must have a facility specific email
address that does not change.” This will allow for future electronic POC’s and address the IDPH
SIREN and other notification needs.

Connie Jensen recapped where there was a discussion on the application for license that there
was a possibility of amending Section 300.120 e). This Section would have added a requirement
for facilities specific email addresses that did not change based upon administration changes.
The Department moved forward with this process as they progress with the Electronic Plans of
4

 Corrections (POCs), Siren and other methods of notification. At the last discussion on this topic,
the Board did not want to move forward and to keep it at a discussion level. Mike Bibo stated
that this was a discussion in the last Association meeting. It was deemed that they did not want
to get too far out in front of the other. It was recommended that each facility set up an email or
an administrator@ email, versus utilizing someone’s name. IL Healthcare has recommended that
its members set up these types of emails, as well as other associations. It is hard to explain to
why they need to set up these types of emails when Public Health is not likewise moving forward
with the role change. Since legislation takes six (6) months, Mike Bibo advises the Board that
their recommendation be that Public Health proceed with rulemaking. Connie Jensen stated
there could be more discussion at the next meeting, if needed.

E. Discussion of PA 99-822 and Rulemaking for New Dementia Requirement

Sean Dailey advised that the rule is in legal review and is a new part/act. Andrew Proctor
inquired if that would take into consideration the trailer bill. Sean ensured it would. Andrew
also wanted to know if it would take into consideration for the current training requirements that
staff already have.
No further discussion.

F. Discussion of PA 100-0217 and Rulemaking for Nurse Waivers

Sean Dailey stated it is being drafted and will be included in the large packet that includes
voluntary closures amended.
No further discussion.

VI. NEW BUSINESS

A. Discussion of a Change to the Emergency Medication Kits Requirement

Connie Jensen stated that there was discussion of a change to the emergency medication kits
requirement. Bill Bell had background information which was submitted. Mike Bibo was unable
to provide any background. Dr. Maurer wanted to comment. His comments were in respect to
nursing aspects. He stresses that anytime one works with narcotics, one is dealing with a serious
matter because of the nature of the care that those narcotics treat. It is a legal and practical
carefulness. Dr. Maurer investigated as to what medications are included in an emergency box
versus a convenience box. His concern is the mixing of the narcotics with the convenience box as
it is opened more times than the narcotics box. If combined, the narcotics box contents are
exposed and would create exposure to errors.
Dr. Labunski asked Dr. Maurer what are the contents of the convenience box. He informed her
that the emergency box contains Scheduled Class II drugs. In the convenience box, there could be
Class III, IV, V, and VI. Brief discussion on the difference between the two. Mike Bibo and Connie
Jensen advised the Board to postpone the discussion until Bill Bell is present as he has been active
in previous discussions. . This topic would be tabled until next meeting with Board agreement.

B. Anonymous/Non-Anonymous Complaints:

The Department wanted to bring attention to the anonymous and non-anonymous complaints,
which had been forwarded to the Board members. Connie Jensen inquired if anyone had any
comments. Mike Bibo asked for clarification that there was a different report for DD. The
numbers were not included in the LTC report. Mike Bibo proposed to add two (2) more columns
5

 to the report. One would have the number of facilities which are in each Region and the other
would be how many beds. Connie Jensen advised that the Department would work on adding
these two (2) columns.
No further discussion.
Connie Jensen asked if there was any other information which needed to be presented before
the Board. Sean Dailey introduced Sara Wilcockson who is the new Rules Coordinator.
VII. NEXT MEETING
Next Board Meeting is November 15, 2018 at 10:00 am
Agenda items to Tena Horton at tena.horton@illinois.gov by October 29, 2018.
REMINDER:
Mike Bibo reminded Andrew Schwartz to discuss the telephonic issue versus the videoconference.
Andrew stated that he was going to present updated bylaws to the Board in November. The
Department is making an effort to update all of the bylaws with recent amendments to the Open
Meetings Act. One of the new requirements is the way the quorum is called. Briefly, what it mandates
is that the quorum must be created through the physical presence of members at actual meeting
locations before you can have additional members appear telephonically or through
videoconference. For example, today there are enough members at the three (3) sites, so this would
qualify as a quorum. Then, the Board would be able to open up to videoconference and
teleconference. The Department would also review the bylaws to ensure they are similar to the Act.
Hopefully, there will be an updated draft to present to the Board members in November.
Connie Jensen asked for a motion to adjourn. The motion to adjourn was made by Karen Christensen;
seconded by Mike Bibo. Voted unanimously. Meeting was adjourned at 10:57 a.m.

6

 