ADA Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes
Monday, July 10 , 2017
Members Present
Committee Members:

On the Phone:
Excused:
Unexcused:
Facilitator:

Pierre Bance
Angela Davis
Melissa Fuller
Christina McGleam
Suzen Riley
Donna K. Shaw
Allen West
Grace Kaminkowitz
Dorrell Smith
Bryen Yunashko
Carol Gomez
Amy Serpe, Manager, ADA Compliance Programs

Facilitator Serpe chaired this meeting as Chairman Dorrell Smith was not in attendance.
The meeting was called to order at 1:31 p.m.
Roll Call
 Meeting members introduced themselves.
Announcements
 Facilitator Serpe stated that Committee Chairman Dorrell Smith. and Bryen Yunashko are
excused and Grace Kaminkowitz is participating via phone for this meeting. Carol Gomez is
unexcused.
 Aziza Nassar has resigned the Committee as she has left Access Living and has a new job with
the Aids Foundation. The CTA thanks her for her service and extends best wishes for her new job.
Approval of Minutes from the January 9, 2017 and April 10, 2017 Meetings
 Due to the fact that there was not a quorum present in April, voting on the January minutes could
not take place. Therefore both the January and April 2017 minutes needed to be voted on in July.
 The January 9, 2017 and April 10, 2017 Meeting Minutes were sent to all Committee members in
advance for review and were provided a hard copy for the meeting.
 There was one correction made to the January 2017 minutes Facilitator Serpe stated that
“Deaf/Blind” is the correct way to write this phrase, having a capital D and B and a slash between
the words with no space.
 Ms. Davis motioned to approve the January 9, 2017 minutes, including the aforementioned
correction, and Mr. Bance seconded the motion.
 Committee members approved the January 9, 2017 minutes as amended.
 There were no corrections to be made to the April 10, 2017 minutes.
 Ms. Fuller motioned to approve the April 10, 2017 minutes, and Ms. Riley seconded the motion.
 The Committee voted to approve the April minutes as written.
The Agenda order was changed in order to accommodate individual presenters’ schedules
however, all topics were presented.

 Construction Report Update
 Mr. Robert Wittmann, Vice President of Capital Construction presented the report.
 95th Station: “So the design build contractor has completed all foundations for the south terminal
as well as installed the new precast platform for the south terminal . . . The structural steel for both
the south bus bridge has been completed, and that's a bridge over the Dan Ryan Expressway on
both the northbound and southbound sides.·So that's a new bus bridge where the steel is now
installed. Structural building steel for the south terminal is ongoing. That’s going to be ongoing for
another couple of weeks yet . . . There’s a lot of work going on the east and west sides of the
expressway.·That's where the new bus terminal for the south terminal will exist.·A lot of drainage
work going on there, retention structures, and eventually, the new pavement and bus canopy will
start to be installed on the east and west sides. We've also started some work on the north
terminal foundations where they have access, where one track is out of service.·So they’re
already getting started on some of the foundation work for the north terminal . . . The design
builder also continues torbid out trade packages for work on the south and north terminals as
required as they move through this design build project.”
 Wilson Station: “The Wilson Station project, work continues there on the new Track 4, which is -our final new track to be constructed there . . . ·All the foundations and the structural steel are
complete for that Track 4. They're working on the concrete deck right now . . . And the track work
on the top of that deck has just started on the ends and will continue for the next probably month
or so. Down at grade or at street level, work continues on all three of the new station·houses . . .
the new Wilson station has three new entrances, the main station, the auxiliary station on the
north side of Wilson, and then the Sunnyside entrance.·So work [is still] going on at all three of
those station houses.· Curtain wall installation going in, elevator/escalator install, ramps on the
east side, and a lot of interior build outs…·And pretty soon, benches will start getting put in for
those station houses as we get close to completion. Finally, work continues on the Gerber
Building for rehabbing.”
 Brown Line Signal Project: “. . . the contractor has completed the structural steel work for the first
relay house, which is the Cleveland relay house . . . Foundations are also completed at the Willow
relay house, and the structural steel is ongoing there.”
 Quincy Station: “. . . the majority of the work right now is still in foundations for the elevator and
the new stairs. So they've completed the new stairway foundations for the additional stairs we're
going to add to the left side of the platform. And the elevator foundations are ongoing. … Work on
the station houses to accommodate the new pathway to get to the elevator, that's going to begin
shortly.·We have to do some modifications to the station house in order to make room so
customers can access the new elevators.”
 Illinois Medical District Station- IMD: “. . . They've completed the exterior work on the station
house, working on the interior now, putting in new wall panels, working on the kiosk, putting in
new ceiling and lighting and signage. We’re also working on the new concourse, which is the ramp
down to the platform. That's getting new panels on the sides . . . Once that opens, we’ll move the
work over to the Ogden and Paulina ends. And again, just a reminder, Ogden Station·House gets
enlarged with the addition of the elevator at Ogden.”
 CDOT Projects: “. . . our Washington and Wabash station . . . They are still doing some canopy
steel and platform work. Elevator equipment install is ongoing along with CTA support rooms, and
then the finished work and the signage.·And for CDOT, that station should be complete by the end
of the third quarter of this year.”
 Mr. Wittmann concluded his report and asked if the Committee had any questions.
 Ms. Davis had a question regarding when all the work will be done at the Wilson Station. Mr.
Wittmann replied that everything should be finished by the end of this year. The project is being
completed in phases so they won’t all be completed at the same time.

 

Mr. Bance wanted to know when the Washington and Wabash Station would be completed. Mr.
Wittmann replied that the station should be completed by the end of the third quarter which is the
end of September 2017.

Elevator/Escalator Efficiencies Report
 Committee members received the Elevator/Escalator Efficiencies Report in advance of the
meeting for their review, and were provided a hard copy for the meeting.
 Andre Cozzo, Senior Manager for Escalator/Elevator Maintenance reported on the status of the
elevator and escalator efficiencies and projects.
 Mr. Cozzo gave the following update: “As far as escalators go, we are currently working at
Chicago Blue. That is estimated to be completed November 2017. And for future reconditions,
we're estimating December of 2017 for Montrose, May of 2018 for River Road and October of
2018 for Howard.”· ·
 A couple of the Committee members had questions for Mr. Cozzo.
 Ms. Shaw asked Mr. Cozzo if there was going to be another escalator that would be added to the
87th Street Station. Mr. Cozzo replied that at this time he does not know if they’re going to add
another escalator.
 Mr. West had a question regarding the Monroe and State Street stop (west side of street) on the
Red line regarding if there is going to be an elevator put there. He also stated that they have been
working on the escalator for a long time. Mr. Cozzo believes that the CTA is waiting for capital
monies to put in a new escalator.
 For the 2nd quarter of 2017 vs. Q-2 in 2016, the following reflects Elevator Efficiencies:

Apr 2016= 99.5% Apr 2017= 99.3%

May 2016= 99.5% May 2017=99.2%

Jun 2016= 99.0% Jun 2017=98.7%
nd
 For the 2 quarter of 2017 vs. Q-2 in 2016, the following reflects Escalator Efficiencies:

Apr 2016= 97.8% Apr 2017= 98.2%

May 2016= 97.8% May 2017= 97.4%

Jun 2016= 97.0% Jun 2017= 97.04%
All Stations Accessibility Program --- ASAP Update Report
 Ms. Leah Dawson-Mooney, Director of Strategic Planning updated the Committee on CTA’s ASAP
initiative.
 As a recap: The program goal is to create an accessible rail system within 20 years.
 Ms. Dawson-Mooney reported that, “. . . we do have a draft of the ASAP report that is currently
undergoing internal reviews. We gave a pretty long synopsis at the last quarterly meeting, gave a
pretty long description of both our prioritization process as well as the wayfinding studies that
we've done.”
 Ms. Dawson-Mooney opened the floor up to any questions about the ASAP report.
 Ms. Davis had a question regarding when the final ASAP report would be released. Ms. DawsonMooney stated that the ASAP report is currently undergoing internal reviews, and that she does
not know exactly when it will be released.
 Ms. Davis had a second question regarding the RPM and when they were going to begin with red
line stops such as Lawrence, Berwyn, Bryn Mar and Argyle. Mr. Wittmann took this question and
responded that, “So right now on RPM, we've released our RFQ, which is our Request For
Qualifications, for the design build contract, which will be the large contract that will actually
construct the Lawrence to Bryn Mawr·section.· That process is going to continue through this
year. That will lead to a short list of qualified contractors, and then we'll eventually release an RFP
[Request for Proposals] next year.· And then the project will go on from there.·So that's kind of
where we are in the process.”

 Customer Service Report
 Kate Kennelly, Manager Customer Feedback Programs presented the Customer Service Report
to the Committee.
 Committee members received the Customer Service Statistical Reports in advance of the meeting
for their review and were provided a hard copy for the meeting.
 Ms. Kennelly reported that, “Overall, complaints are up 35 percent from the first quarter.·And
although we're trending up, we are right in line with where we were at the same time last year
using historical data. And complaints will continue to increase throughout the summer months
before trending back down again later in the year. ADA complaints accounted for 4 percent of all
complaints, which is slightly lower than last year when our ADA related complaints accounted for 5
percent of our total.·During the current period, we had 4,389 total complaints. 195 of those were
ADA related. This quarter, complaints peaked in May, totaling 79, but showed improvement this
month -- or I should say in June, we had a total of 64 complaints, which was a 19-percent
decrease from the month before. In reviewing the data, I see that complaints increased across the
board, but a few categories do stand out. The area of ADA compliance issues is continuously our
highest category. This quarter, there are a total of 67 complaints logged here, which is up from the
previous period. Complaints in this category always vary widely. But common themes in the
current period include an operator not waiting for an intending passenger, an employee not
assisting as expected, or overshooting a stop. Our pass up complaints also increased significantly
this quarter. While complaints were unusually low in the first quarter, they totaled only 20; but in
the second quarter, they increased 80 percent to 36.·Despite this increase, we're still are well
below where we were last year. We received 52 during the same period last year. We do see a
positive turn in the area of malfunctioning announcements. They increased steadily over the last
few periods. Complaints dropped 77 percent during the current quarter to just three complaints
reported.”
 The following are 2nd quarter statistics regarding disability-related Customer Service complaints.

Total CTA complaints for all three months of Q-2 2017 (Apr., May & Jun. 2017), =
4,389 of which 195 were related to disability-related complaints.

Q-2, 2017 Bus Related Complaints: Apr. 38, May 62, and Jun. 54 totaling 154.

Q-2, 2017 Rail Related Complaints: Apr. 14, May 17, and Jun. 10 totaling 41.

During the 3 month 2017 Q-2 period, there were a total of 195 ADA Compliance
Complaints which include things such as not complying with ADA rules, rude
operators, passing up a customer, and failure to kneel bus. During the same
period in 2016, there were 197 complaints in this category.
 Additional Q-2 (April – June) Categories include:

ADA Compliance accounted for 67 complaints in 2017 vs. 58 in 2016.

Rude Operator totaled 49 complaints in 2017 vs. 54 in 2016.

Pass-Ups totaled 36 complaints in 2017 vs. 52 in 2016.

Lift/Ramps totaled 11 complaints in 2017 vs. 8 in 2016.

Failure to Kneel Bus totaled 7 complaints in 2017 vs. 7 in 2016.

Priority Seating Issue totaled 7 complaints in 2017 vs. 3 in 2016.

Elevator Malfunction totaled 3 complaints in 2017 vs. 0 in 2016.
 There were no questions for Ms. Kennelly.
Facilitator Report
 Ms. Amy Serpe, Manager, ADA Compliance Programs and ADA Advisory Committee Facilitator,
presented the following topics and updates:
 A familiarization event was offered at the UTSC (new bus terminal at Jackson and Clinton) for
people with disabilities, especially anyone from the Blind/Visually Impaired Community. Due to the

 

fact that some individuals were unable to attend that session, another familiarization experience
was requested by the Community which will be scheduled during the fall.
Facilitator Serpe noted that July 26th is the anniversary date of the passage of the ADA.

She stated that on July 20th, the Illinois Department of Human Services will be
holding an ADA Celebration Event at the Thompson Center. There will be a CTA,
RTA, Pace and Metra table there distributing information. The event will run from
10:00am – 3:00pm.

The Disability Pride Parade will take place on Saturday, July 22 nd. The CTA will
have a mini train car in the parade which kicks off at the back of the library at 11
a.m.. Any members of the Committee are welcome to ride in that vehicle.

The parade route ends at Daley Plaza where there will be an entertainment and
resource event which runs until 2p.m. CTA will have an information table, as well
as an on-site bus at the plaza for people to learn about its accessibility features
and practice using the ramp, securing a wheelchair, etc.

ADA Advisory Committee Update from CTA’s Board Chairman’s Office
 Sherri Thornton-Pierce the Chief of Staff to CTA Board Chairman Terry Peterson provided this
update.
 Ms. Thornton-Pierce stated, “·I wanted to give you some updates on what we've been doing in
terms of the ADA·Advisory Committee, which operates through Chairman Peterson.·He is the
person that appoints Committee members and generally reviews and manages, through myself
and our office, the processes of the Committee.· So we formed a working group to look at the
Bylaws, which I want to thank each of you for reviewing and giving us suggestions on issues that
you think are appropriate for changes or tweaks, which is what we're in the process of doing. We
are looking at, for example, the application process for membership.· We're looking towards
incorporating some training for Committee members so that you know how CTA operates; the
decision making processes that we go through with respect to issues such as construction and
other things that affect you directly.·We are also taking a look at just generally the operations of
the Committee in order to help you all in terms of what your mandate is, the reason for you being
put together, which is very important. Chairman Peterson and the CTA President want to convey
that they really believe this is an important issue. I mean, your ridership issues are important
generally to transit, and so we are here to help you.· And that's what I wanted to convey to you . . .
We'll report back to you through Amy on where we are on the issues that we're considering, which
I just named a few of.·And please feel free to reach out to us through Amy if there are specific
concerns that you have or things that you want us to take a look at.”
 Ms. Davis had one question regarding terms and if the application reviewing process would affect
renewals for terms. Ms. Thornton-Pierce responded that it will not affect it and that they will send
out a letter thanking all the Committee Members who are completing their first term and asking if
they would like to serve a second 2-year term.
Public Comment
 Amber Smock the Director of Advocacy at Access Living noted that Access Living appreciates all
the dialogue that they have been able to have with CTA over the years about disability access,
riders with disabilities, ADA projects and so forth. Ms. Smock felt that the Committee should be
asking harder questions when it comes to the reports that are being reported during the meetings.
Ms. Smock pointed that during the construction report that no one asked any questions, like when
Wilson will be open, if Wilson is accessible, and if all three phases are going to be accessible. Ms.
Smock also wanted to know that during the first phase if they will have the new signage, and an
elevator. Ms. Smock also wanted to address the Customer Service report and wanted to know if
the customer service staff has proper training when it comes to receiving video relay, speech-to-

 














speech communication, how to get calls from individuals who don’t communicate with spoken
English.
Ms. Morey noted that there are two people here that would be able to answer Ms. Smock’s
questions.
Mr. Wittmann was able to address Ms. Smock’s questions regarding the Wilson station. “The
question was about the different phases relative to Wilson and would those phases lead to full
accessibility, when those phases open up. . . So when the main station opens, [it will have]
elevators and escalators in it . . . it will have full ADA accessibility.”
Ms. Shaw asked a question about what will be there for those who are deaf and how they will
make the signage easier for them to see. Mr. Wittmann replied that he can’t speak on behalf of all
stations, but he knows when Wilson is complete, it will have all the proper signage.
Ms. Shaw went on to ask about signage in general at rail stations and stated it was difficult for
people to understand where to go.
Ms. Riley also expressed interest in having some kind of directional signage available for people
to know where the front car of the train would be stopping.
Ms. Serpe asked Ms. Shaw if there was a specific station she could identify as an example of
needed signage as it could be investigated but no specific station was mentioned. She also
explained, in answer to Ms. Riley’s comment, that way-finding was something the ASAP group
was looking into which would include such issues as directional signage.
Ms. Fuller asked if there would be access at stations during the 20 years of the ASAP projects.
Ms. Mooney was also able to answer Ms. Smock’s and Ms. Fuller’s questions about the
construction phases, “In terms of construction phasing, because they're not accessible today, it
may be at the end of the construction program that they actually become accessible.· So it
depends what you mean by phasing.· So I think at the end of each phase of the ASAP program,
the stations in that phase will be accessible.”
Ms. Keeby McMillon, Manager, Customer Service was able to address Ms. Smock’s questions
about customer service. Ms. McMillon explained that, “the video relays we do have in place, [a]
video relay technician will identify that the call is assisted with the video relay program, and then
we'll just process it as we would do any other complaint and route it appropriately, as Kate
mentioned earlier. In regard to the TTY question, we do have that technology in our office. But
calls that we receive there are very few and far between. I haven't had one in the last year that I've
been in customer service. So we will check and make sure that the messages and the accuracy is
up-to-date. But those TTY call messages are checked weekly.”
Mr. West commented that he thought the CTA was doing a good job in considering access during
the development of projects as they build things. He added that during the various projects, there
may be some access but it may not be there for everyone during construction. He stated,
“Sometimes accessibility becomes an individual thing depending on what you’re capable of
handling or what you’re used to.”

Adjournment
 Facilitator Serpe noted that the next meeting will be Tuesday October 10th in the board room from
1:30pm-4:00pm. The meeting will be on a Tuesday because Monday is Columbus Day.
 Mr. Bance moved to adjourn the meeting and Ms. Davis seconded. All voted, “Aye,” and the
meeting adjourned at 2:43pm.

10-5-17

 