SUMMARY OF REPORTS
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY

Committee Meeting held on December 7, 2016

SUBMITTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL - December 14, 2016

391 an 331335
1-9: mm 2i 330$sz



H3313 AUG



pig; ?1 '35: f3 ?1 .
. v. 

A'ggamasaa

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

AVENUE DENTAL - 02016-8127

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1844 West Chicago Avenue.

BANGERS LACE - 02016-8128

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1670 West Division Street.

BUCKTOWN EMBROIDERY - 02016-8051

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2114 North Western Avenue.

- 02016-8514

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1935 West Chicago Avenue.

DIVISION CHIROPRACTIC AND ACUPUNCTURE - 02016-8053

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1630 West Division Street.

DOX QUALITY GREEK - 02016-8054

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1566 North Damen Avenue.

MODERN DENTAL OF LOGAN SQUARE, LLC - 02016-8513

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2037 West Division Street.

NATIVE FOODS CAFE - 02016-8130

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1484 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PAPER DOLL - 02016-8055

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2027 West Division Street.

~02016-8135

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1586 North Clybourn Avenue.

- 02016-8136

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1617 North Damen Avenue.

BIG WIG - 02016-8137

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 770 North Drive.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

BLOWN AWAY, INC. - 02016-8516

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2167 North Clybourn Avenue.

KFR, LLC - 02016-8139

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stainNay on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 15 West Burton Place.

LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8145

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) monument on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 16 East Pearson Street.

FURNITURE - 02016-8515

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1259 North Ashland Avenue.

ONE SUPERIOR PLACE - 02016-8517

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1 West Superior Street.

SENECA STRATEGIC VENTURE, LLC - 02016-8146

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) door swings projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 200 East Chestnut Street.

THE HOLLANDER 02016-8140

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2022 West North Avenue.

THE LITTLE BEET TABLE - 02016-8142

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 845 North State Street.

1401 STATE, LLC - 02016-8148

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) pile caps under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1401 South State Street.

LIFESTORAGE OF STATE STREET - 02016-8058

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2341 South State Street.

LIFESTORAGE OF STATE STREET - 02016-8059

To construct, maintain and use twelve (12) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2341 South State Street.

LIFESTORAGE OF STATE STREET - 02016-8147

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2341 South State Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

I4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

1101 -1123 EAST HYDE PARK BLVD., LLC - 02016-8141

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) lawn sprinkler system under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1101?1123 East Hyde Park Boulevard.

5049 DREXEL AVENUE, LLC - 02016-8143

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) lawn sprinkler system under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5049 South Drexel Boulevard.

918 HYDE PARK BLVD. - 02016-8138

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) lawn sprinkler system under the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 918 East Hyde Park Boulevard.

HARPER THEATRE - 02016-8164

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) cornice projecting over the public right?
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5238 South Harper Avenue.

HARPER THEATRE - 02016-8166

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) door swings on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5238 South Harper Avenue.

HAVEN - 02016-81 68

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) bicycle racks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 930 East 43rd Street.

JAN MIKULSKI - 02016-8169

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security fence projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4120 South Berkeley Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8172

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4532 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8175

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 528?530 East 43rd Street.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8177

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 643-1120 East 47th Street.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8208

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4254 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8209

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4291 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8210

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4314 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8211

To construct, install. maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4425 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8212

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4506 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8214

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4507 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8216

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4654 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8217

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4848 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8218

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4900 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02016-8222

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 528-532 East 43rd Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(4) ROTI MODERN MEDITERRANEAN - 02016-8518

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1526 East 53rd Street.

(4) DONUT ROOSEVELT ROAD, LLC - 02016-8134

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 26 East Roosevelt Road.

(4) THE COLUMBIAN CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-8161

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1160 South Michigan Avenue.

(4) WILLOW CREEK COMMUNITY CHURCH - 02016-8519

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 418 South Wabash Avenue.

(5) 5229 DREXEL AVENUE, LLC - 02016-8322

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) lawn sprinkler system under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5229 South Drexel Avenue.

(5) 5325 HYDE PARK BLVD. - 02016-8323

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) lawn sprinkler system under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5325 South Hyde Park Boulevard.

(5) LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02016-8176

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1459 East 53rd Street.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8179

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5621-5641 South Drexel Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8183

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5620-5636 South Drexel Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8185

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) conduits under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5636-5710 South Drexel Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8294

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) conduits under the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5710-5730 South Drexel Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8308

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) pipes under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5646-5746 South Drexel Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(8)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(10)

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8312

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) pipes under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1400?1426 East North Midway Plaisance Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8314

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5646-5648 South Drexel Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8318

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 916-918 East 57th Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8320

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 917-919 East 57th Street.

MOON STAR GROCERY, INC. - 02016-8144

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 735 West 69th Street.

STAR SUBMARINE - 02016-8520

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7900 South Exchange Avenue.

COMFORT CARE HOME HEALTH CARE - 02016-8315

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 8527 South Stony Island Avenue.

DAT DONUT - 02016-8316

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8251 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-8321

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1246 East 87th Street.

ROOT BROS. MFG. SUPPLY COMPANY - 02016-8521

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10314 South Michigan Avenue.

BIRRIERIA OCOTLAN, INC. - 02016-8151

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4007 East 106th Street.

CAPRI PIZZA - 02016-8064

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 8820?8824 South Commercial Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(10)

(10)

(10)

(11)

(11)

(12)

(12)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(15)

CHICAGO PARK DISTRICT - 02016-8152

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) Iandscapings on the public right-of?way
fOr beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 8900 South Green Bay
Avenue.

PALETERIA LA ORIGINAL MICHOACANA - 02016-8066

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 9800 South Escanaba Avenue.

WALGREENS #147 - 02016-8153

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 3611 East 106th Street.

JOHNNY - 02016-8154

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3465 South Morgan Street. 

THE ORIGINAL SCOOPS CHICAGO, INC. - 02016-8156

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 608 West 31st Street.

LA IGUANITA RESTAURANT, INC. - 02016-8157

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3733 South Kedzie Avenue.

TENORIO TIRE SHOP, INC. - 02016-8522

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4041 South Kedzie Avenue.

HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK - 02016-8523

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1715 West 47th Street.

HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK - 02016-8524

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1724 West 47th Street.

KIDDIE STEPS 4 YOU LEARNING CENTER, INC. - 02016-8001

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1700 West 63rd Street.

WHITEWATER 24 HOUR LAUNDRY, INC. - 02016-8002

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?Way adjacent to its premises
known as 2641 West 59th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(18)

(18)

(19)

(19)

(20)

I20)

(20)

(20)

(20)

(20)

(20)

(20)

CHIPPER PRESCHOOL AND KINDERGARTEN, INC. - 02016-8068

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 8225-8229 South Kedzie Avenue.

DOLLAR TREE #06354 - 02016-8158

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3920 West 79th Street.

BEVERLY ART CENTER - 02016-8003

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2407 West 111th Street.

ISLAND FURS - 02016-8005

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1827 West 103rd Street.

CHICAGO ASHLAND, LLC - 02016-8160

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4701?4711 South Ashland Avenue.

NEW CITY SUPPORTIVE LIVING - 02016-8525

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4707 South Marshfield Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8165

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6030 South Dorchester Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8173

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) conduits under the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 6054?6059 South Ellis Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8181

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6052-6057 South University Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8182

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6052?6059 South Woodlawn Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8184

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) pipes under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1300-1314 East 61st Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO 02016-8186

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1224?1226 East 61st Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(20)

(21)

(21)

(23)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8189

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1310-1314 East 81st Street.

HALSTED STREET LAUNDROMAT - 02016-8070

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 8014-8022 South Halsted Street.

JIMMY NAILS - 02016-8526

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1304 West 95th Street.

UNISEX - 02016-8011

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3820 West 63rd Place.

ABRA AUTO BODY GLASS - 02016-8527

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 318 South Morgan Street.

ANTHONY GIANNINI - 02016-8225

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1100 West Taylor Street.

ARGIMRO GAMBOA - 02016-8221

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence oh the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1816 South Peoria Street.

ARGIMRO GAMBOA - 02016-8223

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1818 South Peoria Street.

ARGIMRO GAMBOA - 02016-8224

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of way
adjacent to its premises known as 1818 South Peoria Street.

BIRRIERIA REYES DE OCOTLAN - 02016-8219

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1322 West 18th Street.

CHIU QUON BAKERY 8: DIM SUM - 02016-8072

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2253 South Wentworth Avenue.

CKJ CHICAGO - 02016-8530

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 247 West Cermak Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

LAKESIDE BANK - 02016-8226

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1055 West Roosevelt Road.

LAKESIDE BANK - 02016-8528

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2200 South Archer Avenue.

LIFT STORAGE, LP - 02016-8230

To maintain and use six (6) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1601 South Ashland.

ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE PREP, INC. - 02016-8231

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1076 West Roosevelt Road.

THE CROSS ROADS BAR GRILL - 02016-8220

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1120 West Madison Street.

TRIPLE CROWN RESTAURANT - 02016-8233

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2217 South Wentworth Avenue.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-8529

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1004 South Canal Street.

HOT DOG - 02016-8228

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3577 West Armitage Avenue.

JESSICA MOUSLEY - 02016-8229

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1709 North Kimball Avenue.

7 ELEVEN - 02016-8534

To maintain and use five (5) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 101 West Division Street.

ART SCIENCE SALON - 02016-8531

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1144 West Randolph Street.

CHICAGO THEATRE - 02016-8232

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 100 South Racine Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(23)

CHICAGO THEATRE - 02016-8536

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 100 South Racine Avenue.

CHICAGO GREENWORKS, LLC - 02016-8234

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 457 North Sacramento Boulevard.

II - 02016-8533

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 752 North Ogden Avenue.

GIRL THE GOAT 02016-8235

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 809-813 West Randolph Street.

LOVERS PLAYGROUND - 02016-8237

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1246 West Randolph Street.

METRO SELF STORAGE - 02016-8532

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 465 North Desplaines Street.

ORANGETHEORY FITNESS - 02016-8240

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 823 West Madison Street.

SHOUT OUTDOOR MEDIA - 02016-8241

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 451 North Racine Avenue.

TEMPUS REAL ESTATE GROUP, INC. - 02016-8535

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1234 North Halsted Street.

TOPO GIGIO RISTORANTE - 02016-8243

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1514-1516 North Wells Street.

WEST RIVER SPA - 02016-8244

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1212 West Grand Avenue.

ROSEBUD CAFE - 02016-8537

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1500 West Taylor Street.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(29)

(31)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

LIFE STORAGE - 02016-8246

To maintain and use seven (7) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2051 North Austin Avenue.

WHEELS OF CHICAGO, INC. - 02016-8538

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2641-2651 North Cicero Avenue.

CD ONE PRICE CLEANERS #32 - 02016-8541

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2955 North Ashland Avenue.

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL - 02016-8250

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2809 North Ashland Avenue.

AUTO SERVICE, INC. - 02016-8252

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1831 North Western Avenue.

DIVERSEY OPTICAL - 02016-8248

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4612 West Diversey Avenue.

FALBEN, LLC-VAMOOSE TATTOO REMOVAL - 02016-8074

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1864 North Damen Avenue.

FASTTRAK AUTO CENTER - 02016-8076

To construct. maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3263 West Fullerton Avenue.

FERNANDEZ AUTO GLASS IV - 02016-8255

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2733 North Western Avenue.

SPEEDWAY #8317 - 02016-8540

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3354 North Damen Avenue.

TOOTH BUDS PEDIATRIC DENTISTRY - 02016-8539

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2929 North Southport Avenue.

CLOTHES PIN - 02016-8077

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3515 West Lawrence Avenue.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(33)

(38)

(38)

DUNKIN DONUTS - 02016-8543

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3101 West Irving Park Road.

FOREMOST LIQUORS - 02016-8542

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4616 North Kedzie Avenue.

JERUSALEM LIQUORS - 02016-8238

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3133-3135 West Lawrence Avenue.

WINDY CITY PLAYHOUSE - 02016-8544

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3014 West Irving Park Road.

YUSHO - 02016-8545

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2853 North Kedzie Avenue.

J.J. PEPPERS FOOD STORE - 18AA - 02016-8546

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3201 West Diversey Avenue.

KANGAROO KORNER LEARNING CENTER AND NURSERY, INC. - 02016-8242

To maintain and use, as'now constructed, one (1) bicycle rack on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3552-3556 West Fullerton Avenue.

MADRID JEWELRY, INC. - 02016-8245

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4340 West Armitage Avenue.

LIFE STORAGE, LP - 02016-8547

To maintain and use eight (8) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4500 West Grand Avenue.

MONTROSE DELI FRUIT MARKET - 02016-8247

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5411 West Montrose Avenue.

STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02016-8078

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5616 West Montrose Avenue.

UNITED IN FAITH LUTHERAN CHURCH - 02016-8249

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6525 West Irving Park Road.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(38)

(39)

(39)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(41)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

VERIZON WIRELESS- 02016- 8251

To construct, install maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (small cell antenna)
projecting over the public right- -of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6014 West
Montrose Avenue

LEGEND NAILS - 02016-8006

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4466 West Montrose Avenue.

SCI ILLINOIS SERVICES, INC. - 02016-8007

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6060 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ANDERSONVILLE NAIL LOUNGE- 02016- 8079

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5700 North Clark Street.

FIRESIDE TAVERN AND GRILL - 02016-8548

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5739 North Ravenswood Avenue.

MILAKNIS ANIMAL HOSPITAL, LTD. - 02016-8253

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
- beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5638 North Western Avenue.

ON HIGGINS - 02016-8254

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6954 West Higgins Avenue.

WOMEN FOR WOMEN OB-GYN, S.C. - 02016-8256

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6438 North Central Avenue.

110 E. DELAWARE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-8300

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 110 East Delaware Place.

3 FNP OWNER, LLC - 02016-8298

To construct, install, maintain and use thirteen (13) bollards on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 70 West Madison Street.

311 SOUTH WACKER BUILDING, LLC - 02016-8132

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 311 South Wacker Drive.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) ATHLETICO 0N CLARK, LLC - 02016-8257

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 24 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) ATHLETICO ON CLARK, LLC - 02016-8258

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 24 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) BCSP 0ND PROPERTY, LLC - 02016-7817

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1 North Dearborn Street.

(42) BEST WESTERN RIVER NORTH HOTEL - 02016-8551

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 125 West Ohio Street.

(42) - 02016-8260

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 8 East Walton Street.

(42) BIJAN BISTRO - 02016-8261

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 633 North State Street.

(42) HEAD CAFE - 02016-8262

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 210 West Lake Street.

(42) CLUB GENE GEORGETTI - 02016-8264

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) park benches 0n the public right?of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 500 North Franklin Street.

(42) CLUB GENE GEORGETTI - 02016-8265

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?Way adjacent to its premises
known as 500 North Franklin Street.

(42) CLUB GENE GEORGETTI - 02016-8266

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 500 North Franklin Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02016-8549

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 188 West Washington Street.

(42) FRED COM - 02016-8268

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 200 West Ohio Street.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) FRYE RETAIL, LLC - 02016-8553

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1007 North Rush Street.

(42) LLC - 02016-8270

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1028 North Rush Street.

(42) GOLUB COMPANY - 02016-8272

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-Of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 680 North Lake Shore Drive.

(42) HARRY WINSTON - 02016-8131

TO construct, maintain and use seven (7) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 55 East Oak Street.

(42) HART 353 NORTH CLARK, LLC - 02016-8273

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) facades 0n the public right-Of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 353 North Clark Street.

(42) HART 353 NORTH CLARK, LLC - 02016-8276

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) grease basins under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 353 North Clark Street.

(42) HART 353 NORTH CLARK, LLC - 02016-8277

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 353 North Clark Street.

(42) HOWL AT THE MOON - 02016-8281

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 26-30 West Hubbard Street.

(42) FROG BAR - 02016-8282

To maintain and use, as now constructed, forty-one (41) light fixtures projecting over the
public right?Of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1024 North Rush Street.

(42) KINZIE STREET CHOP HOUSE - 02016-8550

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 400 North Wells Street.

(42) LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-8123

TO construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 432 East Grand Avenue.

(42) LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-8124

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 436 East Grand Avenue.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-8126

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 440 East Grand Avenue.

LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-8286

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) kiosks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 800 North Wabash Avenue.

NA HOKU, INC. - 02016-8287

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 North Michigan Avenue.

NATIVE FOODS CAFE - 02016-8289

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 218 South Clark Street.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02016-8291

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) acid basin under the public right?of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 251 East Huron Street.

OYSY - 02016-8552

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 50 East Grand Avenue.

RIVER NORTH DEVCO, LLC - 02016-8292

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) caissOns under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 71 West Hubbard Street.

SILVER TOWER CHICAGO CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION, LLC - 02016-8295

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Ohio Street.

SUBWAY - 02016-8129

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 8 West Ohio Street.

THE BUCKINGHAM, LLC - 02016-8263

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 59-67 East Van Buren Street.

THE JOHN BUCK COMPANY - 02016-8284

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 111 South Wacker Drive.

THE WIT - 02016-8297

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-cf-way
adjacent to its premises known as 201 North State Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

ARCHDIOCESE OF CHICAGO - 02016-7435

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fences on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1555 North State Parkway.

PET STUFF - 02016-8267

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 613 West Diversey Parkway.

CVSIPHARMACY #2942 - 02016-7494

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 401-405 West Armitage Avenue.

FRED KREHBIEL - 02016-8274

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) fences for beautification purposes on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1260 North Lake Shore Drive.

KINGSTON MINES - 02016-8271

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2548 North Halsted Street.

LAVENDER PARK - 02016-8275

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2537 North Sheffield Avenue.

LITTLE GREEN TREE HOUSE - 02016-8080

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1929 North Halsted Street.

SALON ENW - 02016-8081

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2658 North Halsted Street.

TOM ELEY - 02016-8269

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1936 North Mohawk Street.

3245 N. ASHLAND, LLC - 02016-8296

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) balconies projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3245 North Ashland Avenue.

AMAZON RETAIL, LLC - 02016-8559

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3441 North Southport Avenue.

BRODER DIVERSEY, LLC - 02016-8278

To construct, install. maintain and use one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 508 West Diversey Parkway.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

FAMILY DENTAL CARE - 02016-8279

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1426 West Belmont Avenue.

KITCHEN - 02016-8280

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3501 North Clark Street.

LUXOTTICA RETAIL NORTH AMERICA, INC. - 02016-8283

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3428 North Southport Avenue.

NOOKIES TREE, LTD. - 02016-8560

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3334 North Halsted Street.

SALLY BEAUTY - 02016-8562

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 560 West Diversey Parkway.

STARBUCKS COFFEE - 02016-8555

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3549 North Sheffield Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #26368 - 02016-8288

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3030 North Broadway.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #26368 - 02016-8556

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3030 North Broadway.

TUCO BLONDIE - 02016-8557

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3356-3358 North Southport Avenue.

WHOLE FOODS MARKET - 02016-8554

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3201 North Ashland Avenue.

WILDWOOD PHOTOGRAPHY - 02016-8290

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3726 North Southport Avenue.

WM. J. CASSIDY TIRE AUTO - 02016-8293

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 824 West Diversey Parkway.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(44) WRIGLEYVILLE DAIRY QUEEN - 02016-8561

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3811 North Southport Avenue.

(44) XSPORT FITNESS - 02016-8558

To maintain and use five (5) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3030 North Broadway.

(45) BEsco AIR - 02016-8082

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5406 North Elston Avenue.

(45) BREAD WINE - 02016-8299

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3732 West Irving Park Road.

(45) HO-CHUNK NATION - 02016-8301

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4738 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) IWONA PANKOSKA AND ASSOCIATES - 02016-8563

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5701 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) KLEE PLAZA AT SIX CORNERS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-8305

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) sheetings under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4015 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) MID CITY SUBARU - 02016-8564

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4330 West Irving Park Road.

(46) LIFE STORAGE, LP - 02016-8302

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3626 North Broadway.

(46) QUADS GYM, - 02016-8303

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3727 North Broadway.

(46) SUBWAY #38326 - 02016-8565

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4436 North Broadway.

(46) WALG REENS #15004 - 02016-8083

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 953 West Irving Park Road.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(43)

(48)

(48)

JEWEL FOOD STORE #3454 - 02016-8304

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4250 North Lincoln Avenue.

NEIGHBORSPACE - 02016-8306

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4200-4298 North Ravenswood
Avenue.

NEIGHBORSPACE - 02016-8307

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) landscaping on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4300-4398 North Ravenswood
Avenue.

OLD TOWN SCHOOL OF FOLK MUSIC - 02016-8309

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4545 North Lincoln Avenue.

PACIUGO LINCOLN SQUARE - 02016-8084

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2324 West Giddings Street.

PREMIER THERAPY, LLC - 02016-8310

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3950 North Ashland Avenue.

SHRIMP - 02016-8311

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1901 West Irving Park Road.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-8566

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1503 West Lawrence Avenue.

ADVOCATE MEDICAL GROUP - 02016-8568

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5304 North Broadway.

THAI KITCHEN - 02016-8313

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6230 North Broadway.

COLLECTIONS - 02016-8085

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5301 North Clark Street.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(48)

(43)

(48)

(49)

(49)

(49)

(50)

COLLECTIONS - 02016-8319

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5301 North Clark Street.

KOPI, A CAFE - 02016-8567

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5317 North Clark Street.

ORANGE SHOE PERSONAL FITNESS - 02016-8086

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5607?5609 North Clark Street.

LIFE STORAGE, LP - 02016-8569

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7524 North Paulina Street.

TASTY SUB - 02016-8009

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2001 West Howard Street.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-8570

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6560 North Sheridan Road.

KAMDAR PLAZA, INC. - 02016-8571

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2646 West Devon Avenue.

22

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(25)

(36)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(44)

(48)

(43)



ACORN LOFTOMINIUM OWNERS ASSN. - 02016-8025

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1017 West Washington Boulevard.
GARDEN MANOR - 02016-8012

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 4718?4726 West Armitage Avenue.
DEL DOUBLE EAGLE STEAK HOUSE - 02016-8030

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 58 East Oak Street.
RADISSON BLU AQUA HOTEL - 02016-8032

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 221 North Columbus Drive.

RIVER NORTH DEVCO, LLC - 02016-8034
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 71 West Hubbard Street.

SIDNEY GARBER JEWELERS - 02016-8036

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 118 East Delaware Place.
SILVER TOWER CHICAGO, CONDO ASSN., LLC - 02016-8038

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 303 West Ohio Street.

BRODER DIVERSEY, LLC - 02016-8039
To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 508 West Diversey Parkway.

THAI KITCHEN ll - 02016-8040
To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 6230 North Broadway.

BCH KENMO 6230, LLC - 02016-8041
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 6230 North Kenmore Avenue.

23

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

BOBER - 02016-8427

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate North Hoyne Avenue from West Chicago
Avenue to West Superior Street as, "Kazimiera 'Kasia' Bober Way."

BROS. AUTO CARE - 02016-8432

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BROS. AUTO CARE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2801 West Fullerton
Avenue.

CARFLY AUTO GROUP, LLC - 02016-7994

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CARFLY AUTO GROUP, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1523 North
Western Avenue.

DOLYVA DEVELOPMENT, LLC - 02016-7991

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
DOLYVA DEVELOPMENT, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 834 North
Ashland Avenue.

GIBBONS CONSTRUCTION, LLC - 02016-7993

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
GIBBONS CONSTRUCTION, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1523
North Western Avenue.

OSTERIA LANGHE - 02016-7990

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LANGHE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2824 West Armitage
Avenue.

THE JOINERY, LLC - 02016-8429

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE
JOINERY, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2533 West Homer Street.

DOMAINE WINE STORAGE AND APPRECIATION - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-8047

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Domaine Wine Storage and Appreciation on 7/29/2015 and printed upon page 3920 of
the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "to Domaine
Wine Storage and Appreciation" and inserting its place the words, Meetings Events
International."

24

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(2)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(6)

(8)

(9)

DOMAINE WINE STORAGE AND APPRECIATION - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-8112

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Domaine Wine Storage and Appreciation on 7/29/2015 and printed upon page 3780 of
the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Domaine
Wine Storage and Appreciation? and inserting in its place the words, Meetings Events
International."

1326 S. MICHIGAN, LLC - 02016-7973

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 1326
S. MICHIGAN, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1326 South Michigan
Avenue.

1411 S. MICHIGAN, LLC - 02016-7971

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 1411
S. MICHIGAN, LLC from the proviSions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1411 South Michigan
Avenue.

MICHIGAN CERMAK INDIANA, LLC - 02016-7972

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MICHIGAN CERMAK INDIANA, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 125
East Cermak Road.

MOTHER JOSEPHINE WADE - SOR2016-631

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate East 79th Street, Northeast Corner at Vernon
Avenue and East 79th Street, Northwest Corner at Eberhart Avenue as, ?Honorary
Mother Josephine Wade Way."

PLOW CORPORATION - 02016-8351

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 
PLOW CORPORATION from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 8004 South South
Chicago Avenue.

U-HAUL COMPANY OF ILLINOIS - 02016-8332

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 
HAUL COMPANY OF ILLINOIS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 251 East 95th
Street.

25

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD
(16)

(15)

(16)

(20)

(22)

(25)

(25)

(25)

JOANN THOMPSON - 02016-7967

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 63rd Street from Haisted Street to Morgan
Street as, "Alderman JoAnn Thompson Way."

DUKE CHANDLER - 02016-7968

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 59th Street from Racine Avenue to May Street
as, "Gene Duke Chandler Way."

SAUL AUTO AND TOWING SERVICES, INC. - 02016-7978

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
SAUL AUTO AND TOWING SERVICES, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6547
South Western Avenue.

PREMIUM FINANCIALS, LTD. - 02016-8425

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PREMIUM FINANCIALS, LTD. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6430 South
Woodlawn Avenue.

PRESTIGE AUTO REPAIR - 02016-8418

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PRESTIGE AUTO REPAIR from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4172 West Ogden
Avenue.

CLARA LAINO - 02016-7985

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 900 block of South Carpenter Street as,
"Honorary Clara Laino Way".

ELIAS ALVARADO - 02016-7982

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ELIAS ALVARADO from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2466 South Blue Island
Avenue.

MICHAEL FOX - 02016-7986

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MICHAEL FOX from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1432 West 21st Street.

26

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(30)

(30)

(33)

(33)

(38)

HUGH H. BRIDGFORD - 02016-7977

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the Southwest corner of North Green Street
and West Lake Street as, "Honorary Hugh H. Bridgford Way".

1435-1443 N. WELLS, LLC - 02016-7976

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
1435-1443 N. WELLS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1435-1443 North
Wells Street.

ERIE LASALLE BODY SHOP - 02016-7975

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt ERIE
LASALLE BODY SHOP from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1005 West Huron Street.

- 02016-7914

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 5900 block of West Barry Avenue, from
North Marmora Avenue to North Austin Avenue as, Way".

NEW BELMONT AUTO ENTERPRISES, INC. - 02016-8340

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt NEW
BELMONT AUTO ENTERPRISES, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
4110?4116 West Belmont Avenue.

JUST AUTO REPAIR BODY SHOP2, INC. - 02016-8357

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
JUST AUTO REPAIR BODY SHOP2, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2631
West Fletcher Street.

NOON KABAB - 02016-7984

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
NOON KABAB from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4653 North Kedzie Avenue.

IRVING HALL, INC. - 02016-8393

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
IRVING HALL, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5900-5916 West Irving Park
Road.

27

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(39)

(39)

(40)

(41)

(42)

BUY A CAR, INC. - 02016-7969

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt BUY
A CAR, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4654 West Lawrence Avenue.

CASA DEI BAMBINI MONTESSORI - 02016-7970

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CASA DEI BAMBINI MONTESSORI from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4967
North Elston Avenue.

BYLINE BANK - 02016-7974

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BYLINE BANK from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2935 West Peterson Avenue.

TALBOT - 02016-8355

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 7400 block of West Clarence Avenue as,
"Joshua Talbot Way."

AMALGAMATED BANK OF CHICAGO - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-8028

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago on 10/08/2014 and printed upon page 92433 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Amalgamated
Bank of Chicago" and inserting in its place the words, ?100 South State Street, 

28

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

WARD

I49) AMENDMENT OF MUNICIPAL CODE SECTION 10-28-670(43) 02016-8453

Amendment of Municipal Code Section concerning restricted zones for
designated advertising benches. 

29

ORDINANCES FOR SUBDIVISIONS AND RESUBDIVISIONS:

WARD

(42) 455 PARK DRIVE SUBDIVISION - 02016-7755

A proposed 455 Park Drive Subdivision being a resubdivision for North Water
Residences, LLC and LC Hotel, LLC.

30

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS. DEDICATIONS, OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS OF
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

WARD

(5) 7200 S. KIMBARK, LLC (THEASTER GATES STUDIOS) - 02016-6460
A proposed vacation of dead ended East 72nd Place between South Kimbark Avenue
and railroad property to the west.
(11) CHICAGO TITLE LAND TRUST 10-2242 (BBD BUILDERS, INC.) - 02016-6466

A proposed vacation of the remaining segment of dead ended alley in the block bounded
by West Pershing Road, West 40th Place, South Normal Avenue and South Wallace
Avenue.

31

MAYORAL INTRODUCTIONS:

WARD

INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT WITH CHICAGO TRANSIT AUTHORITY -
02016-7964

A proposed ordinance authorizing the execution of an intergovernmental agreement with
the Chicago Transit Authority regarding the purchase and installation of fare equipment.

32

