A (J 
AGENDA AND PUBLIC WAY
ON

Wednesday/1 October 7, 2015

Room 20] 7A
Second Eloor. Hall

11:00 AM.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THEPUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

5411 EMPANADAS - 02015-6746
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1659 West Division Street.

APARTMENT FINDERS, LLC - 02015-6642

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2025 West North Avenue.

DIFFUSED GALLERIA - 02015-6735

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1448 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MILWAUKEE FLATS - 02015-6737

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) cornice projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1422-1426 North Milwaukee Avenue.

VOLUMES BOOKCAFE - 02015-6745

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1474 North Milwaukee Avenue.

1120 NORTH LAKE SHORE DRIVE BUILDING - 02015-6776

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) flood control located under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1120 North Lake Shore Drive.

1120 NORTH LAKE SHORE DRIVE BUILDING - 02015-6778

To maintain and use,as now constructed, one (1) manhole cover under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1120 North Lake Shore Drive.

737 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE INVESTORS, LLC - 02015-6775

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 737 North Michigan Avenue.

BOARD OF EDUCATION OF THE CITY OF CHICAGO - 02015-6749

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) caissons under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 24 West Walton Street.

BUCKTOWN FITNESS CLUB - 02015-6643

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2100 West North Avenue.

COCOA CO. - 02015-6645

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1651 North Wells Street.

PIZZA PASTA - 02015-6752

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (building) on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 864 North State Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(2) PIZZERIA DA NELLA - 02015-6754
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1441 -1445 West Fullerton Avenue.

(2) RESTORATION HARDWARE - 02015-6756

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) sprinkler system under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1306 North Dearborn Street.

(2) THE LOCK UP STORAGE CENTERS - 02015-6751

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1930 North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) WATER TOWER, LLC - 02015-6758

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) bay windows projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 845 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) WATER TOWER, LLC - 02015-6760

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty-two (22) light fixtures projecting over
the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 845 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) CLEAN - 02015-6764

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2261 North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) WELLS STREET COMPANIES - 02015-6762

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?0f?way adjacent to its premises
known as 743 North LaSalle Drive.

(3) CHICAGO PUBLIC SCHOOLS - 02015-6827

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 25 West 47th Street.

(3) LIFE STORAGE CENTERS, LLC - 02015-6829

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2341 South State Street.

(3) MCCORMICK MARKET - 02015-6838

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 80 East Cermak Road.

(3) MUSEUM PARK LOFTS CONDOMINIUM - 02015-6840

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fences on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 125 East 13th Street.

(3) PLUMP CHICAGO UPSCALEIRESALE FLORAL BOUTIQUE - 02015-6649

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 411 East Oakwood Boulevard.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F IN WAY:

WARD
(3)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

SOUTH EAST CHICAGO COMMISSION - 02015-6843

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5100 South Michigan Avenue.

THE LOFTS AT MUSEUM PARK CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-6833

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) landscapings on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1305 South Michigan Avenue.

THE LOFTS AT MUSEUM PARK CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-6836

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1305 South Michigan Avenue.

BOSTON MARKET #825 - 02015-6872

To maintain and use, as now constructed, One (1) grease basin under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1424 East 53rd Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-6875

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 321 South Plymouth Court.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-6879

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) pedestrian counters projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 401 South State Street.

HUNTER PARKING, INCORPORATED - 02015-6881

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 636 South Wabash Avenue.

HUNTER PARKING, INCORPORATED - 02015-6887

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 636 South Wabash Avenue.

METROPOLITAN PIER AND EXPOSITION AUTHORITY - 02015-6898

To construct, install, maintain and use ten (10) door swings on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 301 East Cermak Road.

PERSHING KING DRIVE, LLC - 02015-6907

To construct, install, maintain and use ten (10) bollards on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3857 South Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive.

TARGET STORE #1889 - 02015-6910

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1154 South Clark Street.

TARGET STORE #1889 - 02015-6911

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1154 South Clark Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD

I4) TRANSPORTATION BUILDING - 02015-6653

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 600 South Dearborn Street.

(5) LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02015-6848

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1463 East 53rd Street.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO (FILE #19) - 02015-6851

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tunnel under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5801 South Ellis Avenue.

I5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02015-6854

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pipe (chilled water lines) under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5500 South University Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02015-6857

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) steam line under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5800 South Woodlawn Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02015-6859

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) loading dock door over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) WALGREENS #10350 - 02015-6862

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 7109 South Jeffery Boulevard.

(6) COMPLETIONS - 02015-6873

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 553 East 75th Street.

(6) JAD FAST FOOD - 02015-6656

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6645 South Halsted Street.

(6) KENWOOD REALTY GROUP, - 02015-6660

To construct, maintain and use one (1 awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 645 East 75th Street.

(6) NUBIAN NATION - 02015-6662

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 7525 South Vincennes Avenue.

(6) NUBIAN NATION - 02015-6874

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 7501-7525 South Vincennes Avenue.

RDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THEPUBLIC WAY:



WARD
(6)

(8)

(8)

(9)

(9)

(9)

(9)

(10)

(10)

(12)

I12)

(12)

SUITS AMERICA, INC. - 02015-6876

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 713 East 79th Street.

FOOD TOWN - 02015-6666

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 935 East 79th Street.

SOUTH SHORE HIGH SCHOOL - 02015-6883

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) staircase on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1955 East 75th Street.

SPORTS BAR GRILL - 02015-6669

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 512 East 103rd Street.

FOOD LIQUOR - 02015-6886

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 146-152 West 103rd Street.

FOOD LIQUOR - 02015-6889

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 146 West 103rd Street.

SCOTT ENTERPRISE - 02015-6670

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 11513 South Michigan Avenue.

EAST-SIDE AUTO SALES REPAIRS, LLC - 02015-6890

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10266 South Indianapolis Avenue.

SGA YOUTH AND FAMILY SERVICES - 02015-6680

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 10101 South Ewing Avenue.

DOLLAR TREE #5617 - 02015-6899

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3400 South Archer Avenue.

ERIE-LASALLE BODY SHOP ON KEDZIE - 02015-6686

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2440 South Kedzie Avenue.

GOLD STANDARD BAKING, INC. - 02015-6902

To construct, install, maintain and use, one (1) grease trap under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3700 South Kedzie Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGEIN THELUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(12)

(12)

(13)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(16)

(17)

GOLD STANDARD BAKING, INC. - 02015-6905

To construct, install, maintain and use, two (2) manholes under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3700 South Kedzie Avenue.

BARBER SHOP BEAUTY SALON - 02015-6908

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3121 West 26th Street.

MR. MIDWAY BAR, INC. - 02015-6687

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4654 West 63rd Street.

AGENCIA MEXICANA - 02015-6912

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2701 West 51st Street.

HDOG FAST FOOD - 02015-6913

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5341 South Archer Avenue.

NEW TROY TAP - 02015-6915

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4600 South Troy Street.

PRIMARY EYE CARE ASSOCIATES - 02015-6916

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5460 South Archer Avenue.

TAMALES ROSA - 02015-6719

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5632 South Kedzie Avenue.

TAMALES ROSA - 02015-6917

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5632 South Kedzie Avenue.

YOUNG SCHOLARS DEVELOPMENTAL INSTITUTE - 02015-6714

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3038-3046 West 59th Street.

RICHMOND FOOD LIQUORS - 02015-6689

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2941 West 59th Street.

CRICKET WIRELESS - 02015-6914

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7854 South Ashland Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(17)

(17)

(18)

(18)

(13)

(19)

(19)

(19)

(20)

(20)

(20)

(21)

FRED EL GRAN BURRITO - 02015-6918
To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7600 South Yale Avenue.

FOOD - 02015-6690
To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 7749 South Halsted Street.

A. REED REALTY - 02015-6921

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8008 South Western Avenue.

ACCEPTANCE INSURANCE - 02015-6924

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 8259 South Kedzie Avenue.

ANTON HANANIA - 02015-6928

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) columns (bollards) on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 8301-8313 South Pulaski Road.

PULSE CPR TRAINING, INC. - 02015-6692

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3219 West 111th Street.

COUNTRY FINANCIAL - 02015-6926

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10414 South Western Avenue.

FAMILY DOLLAR STORE - 02015-6940

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 11810 South Western Avenue.

CHICAGO PUBLIC SCHOOLS - 02015-6937

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) fences on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6350 South Stewart Avenue.

FAMILY DOLLAR - 02015-6938

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) building projection projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6349 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO (FILE #19) - 02015-6941

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) steam tunnel under the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 6022 South Drexel Avenue.

W2005 CMK REALTY, LLC - 02015-6948

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 500 West 87th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:



WARD
(22)

(22)

(22)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(24)

(24)

(24)

(24)

(25)

(25)

GROCERY, INC. - 02015-6696

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2800 South Drake Avenue.

BIRRIERIA PATINOS OCOTLAN - 02015-6699

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3813 West 26th Street.

EL ENCANTO MICHOCANO - 02015-6702

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4228 West 26th Street.

OLD LAWN DALE TAP - 02015-6956

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5848 South Lawndale Avenue.

SELF STORAGE WORLD - 02015-6961

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3206 West 61st Street.

WALGREENS #2711 - 02015-6964

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7150 West Archer Avenue.

CELESTIAL MINISTRIES - 02015-6974

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) staircase on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2149 South Drake Avenue.

GETCONNECTED - 02015-6703

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 525 South Cicero Avenue.

KING MINI MART - 02015-6980

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1303 South Kedzie Avenue.

POLK PLACE CONDOMINIUMS ASSOCIATION - 02015-6987

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fences on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3256 West Polk Street.

3FLTH IV, LLC HOLDINGS 3 - 02015-7010

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1641 West 21st Street.

3FLTH IV, LLC HOLDINGS 3 - 02015-7014

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) step on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1641 West 21st Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(26)

(26)

(26)

(26)

(26)

(25)

(27)

ATHLETICO OF WEST LOOP, LLC - 02015-6997

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 24 South Morgan Street.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02015-7006

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) door swings on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1400 West 18th Street.

PURE BARRE CHICAGO WEST LOOP - 02015-7009

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1170 West Madison Street.

SYLVIA TORRES UNDERHILL STATE FARM AGENCY - 02015-6734

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2422 South Oakley Avenue.

ARMITAGE PRODUCE, INC. - 02015-7021

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3334 West Armitage Avenue.

CHICAGO AUTO RADIATOR SERVICE, INC. - 02015-6736

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3909 West Armitage Avenue.

DOLLAR GENERAL STORE #11833 - 02015-7026

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3527 West Armitage Avenue.

HISPANIC HOUSING DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION - 02015-7031

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1535 North Pulaski Road.

MIDWAY MOVING STORAGE, INC. - 02015-7035

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2717 West Chicago Avenue.

TRIPP ENTERTAINMENT 8: MIAS PHOTOS - 02015-6738

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4036 West Armitage Avenue.

WHEELS AUTO REPAIR, INC. - 02015-7039

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4151 West North Avenue.

1134 WEST WASHINGTON, LLC - 02015-7011

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) facade (limestone pediment) over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1134 West Washington Boulevard.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

800 WEST HURON, LLC - 02015-6954

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) condensers on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Huron Street.

800 WEST HURON, LLC - 02015-6962

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Huron Street.

800 WEST HURON, LLC - 02015-6967

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ramp on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Huron Street.

800 WEST HURON, LLC - 02015-6970

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) staircase on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Huron Street.

800 WEST HURON, LLC - 02015-6973

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Huron Street.

811 PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-6978

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 811 West Evergreen Avenue.

829 NORTH MILWAUKEE AVENUE, LLC - 02015-6985

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) cornices projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 829 North Milwaukee Avenue.

829 NORTH MILWAUKEE AVENUE, LLC - 02015-6989

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) sills facades on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 829 North Milwaukee Avenue.

829 NORTH MILWAUKEE AVENUE, LLC - 02015-6996

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 829 North Milwaukee Avenue.

860 EVERGREEN PROPERTIES - 02015-7001

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 860 West Evergreen Avenue.

860 EVERGREEN PROPERTIES - 02015-7007

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) concrete pad on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 860 West Evergreen Avenue.

AGENCY EA - 02015-6919

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planter railings on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premise known as 920 North Franklin Street.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(27) ANCOR SERVICES, LLC - 02015-6920

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 868 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(27) AU CHEVAL - 02015-6923

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) condenser projecting over the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Randolph Street.

(27) BAR SIENA - 02015-6925

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 832 West Randolph Street.

(27) BUILDERS CABINET SUPPLY - 02015-6929

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 401 North Western Avenue.

(27) - 02015-6740

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 917 West Randolph Street.

(27) JERK - 02015-6931

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 811 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) JEWELL EVENTS CATERING - 02015-6741

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 424 North Wood Street.

(27) RESTAURANT - 02015-6743

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 222 South Halsted Street.

(27) SANGAMON-JACKSON, LLC co. - 02015-6934

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 307 North Sangamon Street.

(27) SPECTRUM REAL ESTATE - 02015-6936

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) facades on the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 820 North Orleans Street.

(27) SPECTRUM REAL ESTATE - 02015-6942

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 820 North Orleans Street.

(27) SWIFT SONS - 02015-6944

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1000 West Fulton Market.

11

RDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(23)

(28)

(28)

(28)

(28)

(28)

(28)

(29)

(29)

(29)

THE VIG CHICAGO - 02015-6951

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1527 North Wells Street.

TIMOTHY VINCENT - 02015-6947

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stain/vay on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 911 North Willard Court.

CHICAGO HOPE ACADEMY - 02015-6945

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2431 West Roosevelt Road.

EMPIRE HARD CHROME, INC. - 02015-6895

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1537 South Wood Street.

EMPIRE HARD CHROME, INC. - 02015-6896

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sewer line under the public right-of
way adjacent to its premises known as 1537 South Wood Street.

OAK STREET HEALTH MSO, LLC - 02015-6950

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3433 West Madison Street.

OGDEN NORTH, LLC - 02015-6953

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1310-1314 South Washtenaw Avenue.

OGDEN NORTH, LLC - 02015-6958

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupaton of space on the public right?
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1310-1314 South Washtenaw Avenue.

VB 1224 LOFTS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-6960

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1224 West Van Buren Street.

DECORIUM FURNITURE, INC. - 02015-6965

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7128 West Grand Avenue.

FAMILY DOLLAR #5002 - 02015-6968

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) building projection projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 100 South Laramie Avenue.

METROPCS - 02015-6972

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5938 West Roosevelt Road.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGELN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(29)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(31)

(31)

(31)

(31)

RAFEE FOOD MART, INC. - 02015-6977
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5960 West Roosevelt Road.

WINTRUST BANK - 02015-6981

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3050 North Harlem Avenue.

CHICAGO TABERNACLE - 02015-6983

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3231 North Cicero Avenue.

CRASH CHAMPIONS, LLC - 02015-6984

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5350-5354 West Belmont Avenue.

MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING TEMPLE - 02015-6988

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3716 North Cicero Avenue.

MB FINANCIAL BANK - 02015-6991

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) caissons under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 2973 North Milwaukee Avenue.

RETRO CAFE RESTAURANT - 02015-6744

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3246 North Central Avenue.

TAQUERIA LA OAXAQUENA - 02015-6747

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3382 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ANDINA AGENCY - 02015-6994

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3754 West Fullerton Avenue.

BAR MARISCOS - 02015-6748

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4501 ?4503 West Belmont Avenue.

CARNICERIA RICARDO - 02015-6750

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4419-4429 West Diversey Avenue.

ENGINEERING, INC. - 02015-6998

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2635 North Kildare Avenue.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(31)

(31)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

MOTHER AND SON SNACK SHOP - 02015-7002

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3134 North Cicero Avenue.

TINO TORRES AUTO REPAIR - 02015-7004

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2601 North Laramie Avenue.

- 02015-6757

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1875 North Damen Avenue.

- 02015-7016

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2309 North Damen Avenue.

CAGAN MANAGEMENT GROUP, INC. - 02015-7020

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fifteen (15) balconies projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2201 West Wabansia Avenue.

COUNTRY FINANCIAL - 02015-7023

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1701 West Belmont Avenue.

CROSSFIT DEFINED - 02015-7024

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1235 West Belmont Avenue.

HAVLAN WEST - 02015-6753

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1870 North Damen Avenue.

- 02015-7027

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1655 West Cortland Street.

LOGAN PARLOR - 02015-7029

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3251 West Fullerton Avenue.

NORTH CLYBOURN GROUP, INC. - 02015-6755

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2324 West North Avenue.

NORTH CLYBOURN GROUP, INC. - 02015-7032

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2324 West North Avenue.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

SHORT STUFF CHICAGO, LLC - 02015-7034
To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bicycle racks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1235 West Belmont Avenue.

SUBWAY - 02015-7037

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3167 North Lincoln Avenue.

A V, INC. - 02015-6761

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2853 North Lincoln Avenue.

THE ALVERNA GROUP, LLC - 02015-7018

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) balconies projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3047 North Oakley Avenue.

THE WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02015-7044

To construct, install. maintain and use one (1) park bench on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1733 North Damen Avenue.

TRIBE S.C. - 02015-7040

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1819-1821 West Belmont
Avenue.

WINDY CITY ORTHODONTICS - 02015-6763

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2921 North Lincoln Avenue.

WINTRUST BANK - 02015-7046

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3234 North Damen Avenue.

CAR-X AUTO SERVICE - 02015-6766

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3244 West Irving Park Road.

CAR-X AUTO SERVICE - 02015-6922

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3244 West Irving Park Road.

GALERIA MUSICAL WIRELESS - 02015-6927

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3103 West Lawrence Avenue.

LOS PRIMOS GROCERY - 02015-6765

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3249 West Montrose Avenue.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(33)

(33)

(33)

(34)

(34)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(38)

(39)

MONTROSE KIMBALL CHECK CASHERS - 02015-6930
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3354 West Montrose Avenue.

SIMPLY PREPAID - 02015-6932

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3338 West Lawrence Avenue.

STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02015-6767

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3138 West lrving Park Road.

ACCEPTANCE INSURANCE - 02015-6933

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 11109 South Halsted Street.

LYNN BAGLEY TODD ZARUBA - 02015-6935

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) staircase on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1232 West 103rd Street.

SALES AND LEASE OWNERSHIP - 02015-6939

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4453 North Pulaski Road.

8: MONTROSE - 02015-6768

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3400 West Montrose Avenue.

MAYAN SOL RESTAURANT - 02015-6769

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3830 West Lawrence Avenue.

WALG REENS #07687 - 02015-6943

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3320 West Fullerton Avenue.

WALGREENS #07687 - 02015-6946

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3320 West Fullerton Avenue.

SIMPLY PREPAID - 02015-6949

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5603 West Irving Park Road.

ASSOCIATED BANK - 02015-6952

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6355 North Central Avenue.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THEPUBIAC WAY:

WARD
(39)

(39)

(39)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(41)

(41)

AVERS COURT CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-6955

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) flood control under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5148-5158 North Avers Avenue.

HOLLYWOOD-NORTH PARK COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION - 02015-6957

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3601 West Peterson Avenue.

METROPCS AUTHORIZED DEALER - 02015-6959

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4459 West Lawrence Avenue.

CHEETAH GYM - 02015-6809

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5238-5252 North Clark Street.

CITY OLIVE - 02015-6963

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5644 North Clark Street.

CONTINENTAL CARE CENTER - 02015-6966

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5334?5336 North Western Avenue.

MB FINANCIAL BANK, N.A. - 02015-6969

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4800 North Western Avenue.

NORTHWESTERN JEEP DODGE - 02015-6971

To maintain and use eight (8) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5950 North Western Avenue.

ROYAL - 02015-6975

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5074 North Lincoln Avenue.

VISIONARY EYE CARE - 02015-6979

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5222 North Clark Street.

CHRIS SCHULTZ STATE FARM AGENCY - 02015-6982

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6430 North Central Avenue.

- 02015-6986

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6707-6709 North Northwest Highway.

17

ORDINANCES FOR 0F IN THE WAY:

WARD
(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

I42)

(42)

(42)

RENAISSANCE CHICAGO HOTEL - 02015-6990

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 8500 West Mawr Avenue.

175 JACKSON, LLC - 02015-7130

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 175 West Jackson Boulevard.

474 N. LAKE SHORE DRIVE CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02015-6816

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 474 North Lake Shore Drive.

5 N. WABASH CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-7128

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5 North Wabash Avenue.

ADIDAS #514 - 02015-7048

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 923 North Rush Street.

AG-OCG 360 NORTH MICHIGAN, LLC - 02015-7045

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) occupations of space under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 360 North Michigan Avenue.

BENNETT BROTHERS, INC. - 02015-7056

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 30 East Adams Street.

INC. - 02015-7058

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 North Wabash Avenue.

BRINDILLE - 02015-7067

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 534 North Clark Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7087

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right-of-way for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1 South State
Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7098

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right-of-way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as 11
East Adams Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE- 02015-7101
To construct install maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right- -of?way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as 17
East Monroe Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE- 02015- 7115

To construct install maintain and use two (2) pedestrian counters projecting over the
public right- -of-way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as
111 North State Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7117

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right-of?way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as
190 North State Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7118

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right-of?way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as
201 North State Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7120

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right-of way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as 1
East Wacker Drive.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7122

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian counter projecting over the
public right?of?way for visual coverage of the street adjacent to its premises known as 1
West Wacker Drive.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-7132

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 111 North State Street.

CITYFRONT CENTER WEST ASSOCIATION - 02015-7081

To construct, install, maintain and use nine (9) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 220 East Illinois Street.

COLUMBIA COLLEGE CHICAGO - 02015-7084

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 623 South Wabash Avenue.

COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY - 02015-7091

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) door swings on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 830 North Michigan Avenue.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD

(42) COLUMBIA SPORTSWEAR COMPANY - 02015-7093

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) revolving door on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 830 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) FRED LEV COM - 02015-7095

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 200 West Ohio Street.

(42) GARLAND OFFICE CONDOMINIUM, - 02015-7062

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) kiosk on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 111 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) GLORIA COFFEE - 02015-7066

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 79 East Madison Street.

(42) GRAND KINGSBURY, LLC - 02015-7107

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right?of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 520 North Kingsbury Street.

(42) GYU-KAKU RESTAURANT - 02015-7099

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) cornice projecting over the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 210 East Ohio Street.

(42) GYU-KAKU RESTAURANT - 02015-7102

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) wooden terrace overhang projecting
over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises known as 210 East Ohio Street.

(42) HAVAS WORLDWIDE CHICAGO, INC. - 02015-7106

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 36 East Grand Avenue.

(42) HILTON GARDEN INN - CHICAGO NORTH LOOP - 02015-7113

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 66 East Wacker Place.

(42) HILTON GARDEN INN CHICAGO MILE - 02015-7111

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-Of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10 East Grand Avenue.

(42) ILLINOIS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - 02015-7119

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) earth retention system under the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 565 West Adams Street.

(42) ILLINOIs INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - 02015-7121

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 565 West Adams Street.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

ILLINOIS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - 02015-7123

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) ventilation wells under the public right?
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 565 West Adams Street.

INTERPARK - 02015-7126

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 215 West Washington Street.

JMBIURBAN 900 DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS, LTD. - 02015-7129

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 900 North Michigan Avenue.

SEAFOOD, PRIME STEAK - 02015-7131

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 60 East Grand Avenue.

LAKE POINT TOWER CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-7134

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sidewalk vault under the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 505 North Lake Shore Drive.

LINCOLN PROPERTY COMPANY - 02015-7135

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) foundation pads under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 120 North LaSalle Street.

LINCOLN PROPERTY COMPANY - 02015-7136

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trellis projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 120 North LaSalle Street.

MARC REALTY - 02015-7138

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 11 East Adams Street.

STEAKHOUSE - 02015-6811

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 520 North Dearborn Street.

MICHAEL MICHAEL HAIR - 02015-7057

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 363-365 West Chicago
Avenue.

MICHAEL MICHAEL HAIR - 02015-7059

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 363-365 West Chicago Avenue.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-7064

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) kiosks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 251 East Huron Street.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)



NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-7069

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fifteen (15) irrigation systems under the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 221 East Huron Street.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-7070

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) sanitary sewer mains under the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 221 East Huron Street.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-7074

To maintain and use as now constructed, two (2) acid sewers under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 221 East Huron Street.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-7079

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) storm sewer mains under the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 221 East Huron Street.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-7088

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) valves under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 221 East Huron Street.

OLD ST. CHURCH - 02015-7060

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) step on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 700 West Adams Street.

OSCAR ISBERIAN RUGS, INC. - 02015-7061

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 120 West Kinzie Street.

PNC BANK - 02015-7065

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 401 North Drive.

PRESIDENTIAL TOWERS - 02015-7072

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) facades projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 555 West Madison Street.

PRESIDENTIAL TOWERS - 02015-7076

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) facades projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 555 West Madison Street.

RIVER NORTH LIMITED PARTNERSHIP #2 - 02015-6813

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 222 West Hubbard Street.

ROSE-RUSH, INC. - 02015-7080

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) entrance enclosure on the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 712 North Rush Street.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SHEFFIELD PROPERTIES OF ILLINOIS, INC. - 02015-7083

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 960 North Michigan Avenue.

SL 231 LASALLE, LLC CIO JONES LANG LASALLE - 02015-7096

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 231 South LaSalle Street.

SUBWAY - 02015-7100

To maintain and use two (2) signs projecting over the public right-of?way attached to its
premises known as 511 North McClurg Court.

SUBWAY - 02015-7103

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8 West Ohio Street.

TARGET STORE T-3207 - 02015-7105

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 401 East Illinois Street.

THE FORDHAM CONDOMINIUM - 02015-7097

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) caissons under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 25 East Superior Street.

THE FORDHAM CONDOMINIUM - 02015-7104

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) manholes under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 25 East Superior Street.

THE GRAY - 02015-6810

To construct, maintain and use fifteen (15) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 39 South LaSalle Street.

THE GRAY - 02015-7075

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) columns (pilasters) on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 39 South LaSalle Street.

THE GRAY - 02015-7078

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) door swings on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 39 South LaSalle Street.

THE GRAY - 02015-7082

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) flag poles projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 39 South LaSalle Street.

THE GRAY - 02015-7086

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) pile caps (micropile) under the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 39 South LaSalle Street.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(44)

THE GRAY - 02015-7090

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) retaining walls and one (1) propose
retaining wall under the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 39 South
LaSalle Street.

THE GRAY - 02015-7092

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 39 South LaSalle Street.

TRANS UNION, LLC - 02015-7108

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) caissons under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 555 West Adams Street.

TREMONT HOTEL - 02015-6814

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 100 East Chestnut Street.

VANS #449 - 02015-7109

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1051 North Rush Street.

WALGREENS #09438 - 02015-7112

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 30 North Michigan Avenue.

WEST LOOP ASSOCIATES, LLC - 02015-7114

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) facades projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 550 West Jackson Boulevard.

WESTIN RIVER NORTH CHICAGO HOTEL - 02015-7116

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) loading dock on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 320 North Dearborn Street.

WIRTZ REALTY CORPORATION - 02015-7127

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 333 North Michigan Avenue.

GRAND CHICAGO RIVERFRONT - 02015-7124

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 71 East Wacker Drive.

GRAND CHICAGO RIVERFRONT - 02015-7125

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 71 East Wacker Drive.

3200 N. CLARK, LLC - 02015-7036

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) cornices projecting over the public right?
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3218 North Clark Street.

24

RDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVLEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

3709 N. WAYNE AVENUE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-7038

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) landscaping on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3709 North Wayne Avenue.

ASHLAND BELMONT, LLC - 02015-6993

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) foundation wall under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3201 North Ashland Avenue.

ATHLETICO MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02015-6819

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3229 North Broadway.

BAR CELONA - 02015-6995

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3474 North Clark Street.

COALFIRE - 02015-7000

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3705?3707 North Southport Avenue.

FLUB A DUB - 02015-7003

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3021 North Broadway.

HOME RUN INN - 02015-7005

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3215 North Sheffield Avenue.

INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA, INC. - 02015-7008

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3123 North Broadway.

JAMBA JUICE - 02015-6828

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 920 West Belmont Avenue.

MELROSE DINER - 02015-7013

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3231-3233 North Broadway.

MFK - 0201 5-7015

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 432 West Diversey Parkway.

NORTHALSTED BUSINESS ALLIANCE - 02015-7017

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) kiosk on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3245 North Halsted Street.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

NORTHALSTED BUSINESS ALLIANCE - 02015-7019

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) kiosk on the public right-of?way
adjacent from its premises known as 3640 North Halsted Street.

NORTHALSTED BUSINESS ALLIANCE - 02015-7025

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) kiosk on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3417 North Halsted Street.

NOODLE SHOP - 02015-7028

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 950 West Diversey Parkway.

PNC BANK - 02015-7030

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3170 North Broadway.

RAINBOW FLOWERS - 02015-6830

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2917 North Broadway.

SONCO REAL ESTATE, LLC, 3223 NORTH SHEFFIELD SERIES - 02015-7033

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3223 North Sheffield Avenue.

THE CHICAGO TATTOOING CO., INC. - 02015-6823

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1017 West Belmont Avenue.

THE CHICAGO TATTOOING CO., INC. - 02015-6999

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1017 West Belmont Avenue.

THE MARY MEYER SCHOOL - 02015-7012

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) park bench on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2817 North Pine Grove Avenue.

UNCLE LTD. - 02015-6831

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3551 North Southport Avenue.

CHICAGO EYE INSTITUTE - 02015-7041

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3982 North Milwaukee Avenue.

LAS TABLAS - 02015-6832

To construct, maintain and use seven (7) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4920 West Irving Park Road.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(47)

(47)

MID CITY SUBARU - 02015-7042

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) catch basin under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 4330 West Irving Park Road.

FILIPINO CUISINE - 02015-6835

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4908 West Irving Park Road.

3800 NORTH LAKE SHORE DRIVE - 02015-6844

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3800 North Lake Shore Drive.

PIZZA - 02015-6841

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1265 West Wilson Avenue.

KIT KAT LOUNGE AND RESTAURANT - 02015-6771

To construct, install, maintain and use twenty-eight (28) planters on the public right?of-
way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3700 North Halsted
Street.

LAKESIDE SQUARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02015-6773

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) fences on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 920 West Lakeside Place.

LAWRENCE HOUSE PHARMACY - 02015-6839

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4750 North Sheridan Road.

MATTRESS FIRM #119100 - 02015-6774

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4442 North Broadway.

SPRINTCOM, INC. - 02015-6775

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1025 West Sunnyside Avenue.

BEYOND DESIGN, INC. - 02015-6779

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of-way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4515-4521 North
Ravenswood Avenue.

- 02015-6780

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2124 West Lawrence Avenue.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

COUNTRY FINANCIAL - 02015-6781

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4306 North Lincoln Avenue.

CRICKET WIRELESS - 02015-6782

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1976 West Lawrence Avenue.

KINDRED HOSPITAL CHICAGO - NORTH CAMPUS - 02015-6783

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (bentonite
remedial waterproofing grout) under the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2544 West Montrose Avenue.

MB FINANCIAL BANK, N.A. - 02015-6784

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3959 North Lincoln Avenue.

- 02015-6834

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2100 West Irving Park Road.

PALETTE FRAGRANCES COSMETICS, INC. - 02015-6837

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4819 North Western Avenue.

SALON ELAN VITAL - 02015-6847

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4737 North Damen Avenue.

SARATOGA USA - 02015-6849

To construct, maintain and use seven (7) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4422 North Clark Street.

SOUTHPORT AND IRVING - 02015-6850

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4000-4006 North Southport Avenue.

SYMMETRY PHYSICAL THERAPY, LLC - 02015-6842

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4223 North Lincoln Avenue.

THE GUESTHOUSE HOTEL - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 802015-6770

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1 occupation of space for a sculpture
(Chicago Police Memorial Foundation) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4866-4872 North Clark Street.

28

ORDINANCES FOR GRIANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(47) TRAIPSE, INC. - 02015-6853

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4341 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) WILD GOOSE BAR 8: GRILL - 02015-6845

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4265 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) WILD GOOSE BAR GRILL - 02015-6855

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4265 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) WINTRUST BANK - 02015-6846

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1946 West Irving Park Road.

(48) ARMEN JEWELRY - 02015-6861

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1142 West Thorndale Avenue.

(43) CHICAGO APARTMENT FINDERS - 02015-6864

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1114 West Mawr Avenue.

(48) MISS SAIGON, INC. - 02015-7047

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1129 West Argyle Street.

(48) PAPA PIZZA - 02015-6865

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5359 North Broadway.

(48) QUICK STOP PANTRY - 02015-6868

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5357 North Clark Street.

(43) RAVEN THEATRE COMPANY - 02015-7049

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6157 North Clark Street.

(48) UNCOMMON GROUND - 02015-7051

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1401-1405 West Devon Avenue.

(49) CASH AMERICA PAWN OF CHICAGO #2 - 02015-7052

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1909 West Howard Street.

29

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(49)

(50)

(50)

(50)

CRICKET WIRELESS AUTHORIZED RETAILER - 02015-7053

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7012 North Clark Street.

INC. - 02015-6871

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2727 West Howard Street.

PEARLE VISION CENTER - 02015-7055

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6309 North Lincoln Avenue.

UNIQUE FURNITURE - 02015-7063

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6222 North Lincoln Avenue.

30

ORDERS FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(4)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(17)

(27)

(33)

(35)

(40)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

am

1120 N. LAKE SHORE DR. BUILDING - 02015-6650

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1120 North Lake Shore Drive.
FURNITURE, LLC - 02015-6648

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1515 North Fremont Street.
TANTRUM - 02015-6655

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 1023 South State Street.
TARGET STORE #1889 - 02015-6659

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1154 South Clark Street.
ATHLETICO MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02015-6667

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5320 South Blackstone Avenue.
NUBIAN NATION - 02015-6672

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 7525 South Vincennes Avenue.
WALGREENS #05825 - 02015-6674

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1213 West 79th Street.
VIAGGIO - 02015-6677

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1330 West Madison Street.
RALPH Dl SILVESTRO - 02015-6679

To maintain and use (1) roof canopy located at 3017-3019 North Elston Avenue.
WALGREENS #07687 - 02015-6684

To maintain and use (4) canopies located at 3320 West Fullerton Avenue.
ROYAL - 02015-6693

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5074 North Lincoln Avenue.
200 N. MICHIGAN OWNER, LLC - 02015-6724

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 201 North Garland Court.
JMBIURBAN 900 DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS, LTD. - 02015-6700

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 900 North Michigan Avenue.
WILKOW, LTD. - 02015-6704

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 203 North LaSalle Street.
MERCHANDISE MART PROPERTIES, INC. - 02015-6709

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 336 North Wells Street.
OGM INVESTORS II, LLC - 02015-6711

To maintain and use (5) canopies located at 355 East Ohio Street.

31

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(44)

(45)

CANOPIES

RESIDENCE INN BY MARRIOTT - 02015-6720

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 11 South LaSalle Street.
THE GRAY - 02015-6695

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 39 South LaSalle Street.
SOUTHPORT, LLC - 02015-6739

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 3423 North Southport Avenue.

NITE CAP - 02015-6742
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5007 West Irving Park Road.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(40)

(42)

CAFES

SOCIALE AND CAFE PRESS - 02015-6818

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 800 South Clark Street.

THE RIM SEAFOOD - 02015-6644

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5657 North Lincoln Avenue.

DUNKIN DONUTS - 02015-6647

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 205 West Wacker Drive.

33

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(4)

(8)

(13)

SROKA - - 02015-5336

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Edward Sroka Way passed on July 29, 2015, and printed upon page 4102 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the language "2000" and "2100".

PIZZA - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6717

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Edwardo's Pizza on March 18, 2015, and printed upon page 104424 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding the
dimensions, compensation and seating capacity.

BOULDER REAL ESTATE GROUP, LLC - 02015-6550

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BOULDER REAL ESTATE GROUP, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
4941 ?4945 South Calumet Avenue.

FABIAN CONTRACTORS, INC. - 02015-6535

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
FABIAN CONTRACTORS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3967 South
Drexel Boulevard.

ORLANDO LOPEZ CONSTRUCTION, INC. AND 4336 DREXEL, LLC., A SERIES OF
REDEL RENTALS, LLC - 02015-6536

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ORLANDO LOPEZ CONSTRUCTION, INC. AND 4336 DREXEL, LLC., A SERIES OF
REDEL RENTALS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4332 South Drexel
Boulevard.

ABC CELLULAR - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6705

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
ABC Cellular on September 10, 2014, and printed upon page 88481 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words CELLULAR and
inserting in their place the words 

SOUTHWEST SIGNS, INC. - 02015-6730

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Southwest Signs, Inc. on December 12, 2012, and printed upon page 44238 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting laguage regarding its
dimensions and compensation.

34

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(14)

I16)

(17)

(20)

(23)

(26)

(26)

(26)

PACE PROPERTY GROUP, LLC - 02015-6523

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PACE PROPERTY GROUP, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4901-4913 South
Cicero Avenue.

SMITH - 02015-6432

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 950 West 61st Street as, "Deontae Montre'al
Smith Street".

63RD FOODS MART INC. - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6732

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
63rd Foods Mart INC. on June 27, 2012, and printed upon page 30435 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words 63RD FOODS MART
and inserting in their place the words FOODS MART 

MCINERY BUILDERS - 02015-6545

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MCINERY BUILDERS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6115-6117 South University
Avenue.

LITTLE KIDS VILLAGE LEARNING CENTER, INC. - 02015-6522

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LITTLE KIDS VILLAGE LEARNING CENTER, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers
as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
3732 West 63rd Street.

1524-1534 PULASKI, LLC - 02015-6516
An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
1524-1534 PULASKI, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to

prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1524-1534 North
Pulaski Road.

FLEXIBLE SERV. CONSTRUCTION INC. DIBIA BUILDERS - 02015-6521

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
FLEXIBLE SERV. CONSTRUCTION INC. BUILDERS from the provisions
requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 3949 West Armitage Avenue.

LITTLE BUGS LEARNING CENTER - 02015-6520

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LITTLE BUGS LEARNING CENTER from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1505
North Pulaski Road.

35

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(28)

(29)

(32)

(32)

(33)

2250 WEST MADISON, INC. - 02015-6540

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2250
WEST MADISON, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5 North Oakley Boulevard.

GOLDEN FISH CHICKEN - 02015-6542

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
GOLDEN FISH CHICKEN from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 229 South Western
Avenue.

KREATIVE KIDZ LEARNING ACADEMY - 02015-6539

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
KREATIVE KIDZ LEARNING ACADEMY from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
3337?3341 West Chicago Avenue.

CASTLES AND KINGS, LLC - 02015-6529

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CASTLES AND KINGS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2845-2847 West
Arthington Street.

DRUMMOND - OR2015-558

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate Congress Parkway, at Leamington Avenue on
the northeast and southeast corners as, "Lillian Drummond Parkway".

MICHAEL LOUKAS - 02015-6533

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MICHAEL LOUKAS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2750 North Elston Avenue.

THE NOOK DAYCARE 2, LLC - 02015-6548

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE
NOOK DAYCARE 2. LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2105-2111 West
Armitage Avenue.

3224 ELSTON, LLC - 02015-6547

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 3224
ELSTON, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3224 North Elston Avenue.

36

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(33)

(33)

(35)

(38)

(38)

(38)

(39)

(39)

CHICAGO TEMPERED GLASS - 02015-6524

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CHICAGO TEMPERED GLASS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2945 North Mozart
Street.

K.R.A.K. CORPORATION OF ILLINOIS - 02015-6532

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
K.R.A.K. CORPORATION OF ILLINOIS from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2930
North California Avenue.

AUTO SHOP - 02015-6513
An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt

AUTO SHOP from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4545 North Pulaski Avenue.

PROMISELAND LEARNING CENTER - 02015-6525

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PROMISELAND LEARNING CENTER from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
6203-6205 West Montrose Avenue.

AUTO, INC. - 02015-6526

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 
AUTO, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6935-6939 West Irving Park
Road.

AUTO SERVICE, INC. DIBIA MONTROSE AUTO CLINIC - 02015-6527

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
AUTO SERVICE, INC. MONTROSE AUTO CLINIC from the provisions
requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 5801 West Montrose Avenue.

RULE TRANSFER ILLINOIS, INC. - 02015-6553

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
RULE TRANSFER ILLINOIS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4110
West Peterson Avenue.

YAHYA TRADING CORPORATION - 02015-6528

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
YAHYA TRADING CORPORATION from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4954
North Elston Avenue.

37

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(44)

(44)

162 W. HUBBARD BUILDING, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6671

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 162
W. Hubbard Building, LLC on October 8, 2014, and printed upon page 92792 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words "162 W.
HUBBARD BUILDING and inserting in their place the words 162 W.
HUBBARD BUILDING, 

162 W. HUBBARD BUILDING, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6697

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 162
W. Hubbard Building, LLC on June 17, 2015, and printed upon page 1645 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words ?162 W. HUBBARD
BUILDING and inserting in their place the words "162 W. HUBBARD
BUILDING, 

GUILD SHIP BAR AND GALLEY - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6713

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Guild Ship Bar and Galley on June 17, 2015, and printed upon page 1682 of the C.J.P. of
the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words BISTROT
AND WINE and inserting in their place the words SHIP BAR AND


GYU-KAKU RESTAURANT - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6664

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Gyu-Kaku Restaurant on June 17, 2015, and printed upon page 1464 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words 201 Ohio St? and inserting
in their place the words "210 Ohio Street".

ADAM WINICK - 02015-6551

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ADAM WINICK from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2600 North Racine Street.

1045 W. CORNELIA, LLC - 02015-6510

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 1045
W. CORNELIA, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1045-1047 West Cornelia
Avenue.

INC. - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6722

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Inc. on July 29, 2015, and printed upon page 3960 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words Awning and the sum of fifty ($50.00)
per annum" and inserting in their place the words "Sign and the sum of three hundred
($300.00) per annum".

38

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD

(47) ALLEN - 02015-6607

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 2400 block of West Cuyier Avenue at the
southwest corner of Western and Cuyler as, "Tom Allen Way".

(47) CAFE EL TAPATIO - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-6701

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Cafe El Tapatio on April 15, 2015. and printed upon page 107041 of the C.J.P of the City
of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding its
dimension and compensation amount.

(48) JOEL HALL - OR2015-559

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 5900 block of North Clark Street as,
"Honorary Joel Hall Way".

39

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

WARD
(4)

(28)

(30)

AMENDMENT OF THE MUNICIPAL CODE - (RE-REFERRED TO COMMITTEE ON
LICENSE) - 02015-6475

Amendment to Section of the Municipal Code of the City of Chicago to add
language concerning the ?booting" of motor vehicles in the 4th Ward. Re-referred to the
Committee on License and Consumer Protection.

4857 WEST MADISON STREET - OR2015-526

The Commissioner of the Department of Transportation is authorized and directed to
revoke driveway permit number 09-00071? granted to the property located at 4857 West
Madison Street.

AMENDMENT TO SECTION 10-4-120 OF THE MUNICIPAL CODE OF THE CITY OF
CHICAGO - 02015-5380

An amendment to the Section 10-4-120 of the Municipal Code of the City of Chicago by
inserting and deleting language regarding the amount of penalty for violations of the
ordinance regarding street names and numbering.

40

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DQICATIONS, OPENINGS ANQCLOSINGS OF

 

STREETS AND ALLEYS:
WARD
(19) BEVERLY WESTERN PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-6646

(19)

(20)

(25)

A proposed vacation of a portion of the westernmost East-West alley in the block
bounded by West 106th Street, West 107th Street, South Western Avenue and South
Claremont Avenue.

CHICAGO PARK DISTRICT (MORGAN PARK SPORTS CENTER) - 02015-6589

A proposed Time Extension ordinance for a vacation of a portion of West 115th Street at
South Western Avenue.

NORFOLK SOUTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY - 02015-6455

A proposed vacation of various streets and alleys as bounded primarily by West Garfield
Boulevard, South Wallace Street, South Normal Avenue, and West 57th Street.

PLYMOUTH PARTNERS L.P. - 02015-6472

A proposed vacation of all the dead ended 16' wide public alleys in the block bounded by
West Van Buren Street, South Halsted Street, South Green Street and expressway.

41

 INTRODUCTIONS:

WARD

APPOINTMENT OF REGNER SUAREZ - A2015-106

The appointment of Regner "Ray" Suarez as a member of the Illinois International Port
District board for a term effective immediately and expiring June 1, 2018.

42

