SEEP-JED .
#3 

ZIJIB OCT 28 AH 9: I9

OFFICE OF THE
CITY CLERK

SUMMARY OF REPORTS
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY

Committee Meeting held on October 25, 2016

SUBMITTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL November 1, 2016

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

BRADLEY PROPERTIES, LP - 02016-7389

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1915 West Chicago Avenue.

CARHARTT - 02016-7391

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1518 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CATERPILLAR CARE - 02016-7393

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1701 West Chicago Avenue.

CVS PHARMACY #5394 - 02016-7394

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1200 North Ashland Avenue.

MIRAI SUSHI - 02016-7396

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2020 West Division Street.

SWEET RICE - 02016-7397

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1746 North Western Avenue.

THE WHISTLER - 02016-7384

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2421 North Milwaukee Avenue.

BUTCH INC. - 02016-7398

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 20 West Division Street.

COOKING FOOLS, LLC - 02016-7439

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1916 West North Avenue.

PORK AND - 02016-7400

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1623 North Milwaukee Avenue.

POTTERY BARN #994 - 02016-7401

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1000 West North Avenue.

ROOM 7 - 02016-7804

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 7 West Division Street.

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(5)

(8)

(8)

(3)

(3)

(3)

XII WEST MAPLE, LLC - 02016-7443

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 12 West Maple Street.

VICTORY TAP - 02016-7385

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1416 South Michigan Avenue.

FLO SANTO - 02016-7403

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1310 South Wabash Avenue.

REACH FOR THE STARS CHILD CARE ACADEMY, INC. - 02016-7386

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4248 South Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive.

EWING ANNEX HOTEL - 02016-7404

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 426 South Clark Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO (FILE #57) - 02016-7408

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) slurry wall tie-back anchor line under
the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 929 East 57th Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02016-7407

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) pipes under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5621-5641 South Drexel Avenue.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7413

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7901 South Stony Island Avenue.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7416

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 8240 South Stony Island Avenue.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7417

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 8650 South Stony Island Avenue.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7433

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 9106 South Stony Island Avenue.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7437

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1100 East 87th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(8)

(8)

(8)

(10)

(10)

(10)

(12)

(12)

(15)

(17)

(19)

(21)

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7442

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1100 East 87th Street.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7449

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1246 East 87th Street.

SOUTHEAST CHICAGO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02016-7454

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1325 East 87th Street.

AMERIMEX MUFFLERS BRAKES CAR CARE CENTER, INC. - 02016-7387

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2917 East 95th Street.

CLARETIAN ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02016-7459

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9100 South Burley Avenue.

UNCLE - 02016-7460

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 13359 South Avenue M.

LAREDO AUTO PARTS - 02016-7448

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3001 West 26th Street.

TECNICENTRO AUTOMOTRIZ, INC. - 02016-7461

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3017 West 26th Street.

ROYAL SAVINGS BANK - 02016-7805

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1823 West 47th Street.

TRANSMISSION EXPERTS - 02016-7463

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6737 South Western Avenue.

SAFEGUARD SELF STORAGE - 02016-7465

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bollard on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1909 West 95th Street.

SUTTON LIQUOR - 02016-7468

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 9041 South Ashland Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(22)

(23)

(23)

(24)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

METROPCS - 02016-7450

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3954 West 26th Street.

63RD PULASKI CURRENCY EXCHANGE, INC. - 02016-7474

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4021 West 63rd Street.

ROYAL SAVINGS BANK - 02016-7472

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5400 South Pulaski Road.

SGA YOUTH AND FAMILY SERVICES - 02016-7452

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3054 West Cermak Road.

1834 SOUTH ASHLAND CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-7495

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1834 South Ashland Avenue.

CANAL STREET SELF STORAGE CO., INC. - 02016-7482

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) loading dock on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1601 South Canal Street.

CANAL STREET SELF STORAGE CO., INC. - 02016-7484

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stainrvay on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1601 South Canal Street.

CELL COM OF CHICAGO, INC. - 02016-7806

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1801 South Racine Avenue.

LA FONTANELLA - 02016-7486

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2414 South Oakley Avenue.

METROPCS - 02016-7456

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2130 West Cermak Road.

T. JOELS FAMILY RESTAURANT - 02016-7488

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1928 West Cermak Road.

UNIVERSITY STATION CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-7493

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1550 South Blue Island
Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(26)

(25)

(26)

(26)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

WINTRUST BANK - 02016-7807

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1800 South Blue Island Avenue.

ELSEWHERE, LLC - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 802016-7476

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3204 West Armitage Avenue.

PAUL RIES SON - 02016-7478

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3936-3940 West Armitage
Avenue.

RICHARD N. MESSERESMITH - 02016-7479

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1658 North Harding Avenue.

SPLIT-RAIL - 02016-7480

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2500 West Chicago Avenue.

SPLIT-RAIL - 02016-7481

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2500 West Chicago Avenue.

BRITISH SCHOOL OF CHICAGO - 02016-7507

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bicycle racks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 814 West Eastman Street.

CHICAGO TEACHERS UNION FOUNDATION, INC. - 02016-7509

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) bollards on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1901 West Carroll Avenue.

EXFOLE8 - 02016-7512

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1308 West Madison Street.

GOOGLE - 02016-7545

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 320 North Morgan Street.

MB FINANCIAL BANK - 02016-7546

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 932 West Randolph Street.

OPART THAI - 02016-7549

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1371 West Chicago Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(28)

(28)

(23)

(29)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(31)

RONERO - 02016-7808

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 738 West Randolph Street.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-7551

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (small cell antenna)
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 264 North
Western Avenue.

ATHLETICO - 02016-7457

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1202 West Taylor Street.

POMPEI BAKERY - 02016-7501

To maintain and use, as now constructed, a portion of a public alley for one (1)
occupation of space (customer pick-up window) adjacent to its premises known as 1531
West Taylor Street.

PROVIDENCE ST. MEL HIGH SCHOOL - 02016-7504

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 119 South Central Park Boulevard.

BELMONTE LIQUORS - 02016-7555

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 South Cicero Avenue.

SPORTS BAR - 02016-7556

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7171-7173 West Grand Avenue.

AKARRASEL CHILD CARE CENTERS - 02016-7561

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) trash containers on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5504 West Fullerton Avenue.

BEAULIEU REAL ESTATE - 02016-7809

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5341 West Belmont Avenue.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-7565

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (small cell antenna)
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3607 North
Cicero Avenue.

NTB #496 - 02016-7574

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2819 North Central Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

AMY NAIL GALLERY, INC. - 02016-7462

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1954 North Damen Avenue.

BEEF BARLEY - 02016-7810

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3001 North Ashland Avenue.

DERMATOLOGY PHYSICIANS GROUP, LLC - 02016-7811

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2148 North Damen Avenue.

ENTERPRISE LEASING COMPANY OF CHICAGO, LLC - 02016-7519

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1842 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PPF SS 2751 NORTH CLYBOURN - 02016-7521

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bollards on the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 2757 North Clybourn Avenue.

PIZZERIA - 02016-7522

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1852 North Damen Avenue.

SIGHT OPTICAL - 02016-7578

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1800 North Milwaukee Avenue.

THE HOME LOAN EXPERT - 02016-7464

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1913 West Diversey Parkway.

CHRISTIAN UNDERTAKER SERVICES, INC. - 02016-7477

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3100 West Irving Park Road.

GERBER COLLISION GLASS - 02016-7812

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3015-3029 North Kedzie Avenue.

LA MICHOACANA PREMIUM - 02016-7814

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3509 West Lawrence Avenue.

LEADER BAR - 02016-7813

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3000 West Irving Park Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(35)

(35)

(36)

(35)

(36)

(37)

(38)

(39)

(39)

(39)

(40)

(40)

A.K. AUTO SERVICE, INC. - 02016-7583

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4747 North Pulaski Road.

LAXI LIQUOR - 02016-7585

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6922 West Grand Avenue.

MCGRATH CITY HONDA - 02016-7815

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6701 West Grand Avenue.

PUERTO RICAN CULTURAL CENTER - 02016-7485

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2546 West Division Street.

PUERTO RICAN CULTURAL CENTER - 02016-7487

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2556 West Division Street.

SPRINGMASTERS AUTO REPAIR, INC. - 02016-7588

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5223 West Lake Street.

PROMISELAND LEARNING CENTER, INC. - 02016-7590

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6203 West Montrose Avenue.

AUTO PLUS OF CHICAGO, INC. - 02016-7604

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4460 North Elston Avenue.

GOODE PLUMBING, LLC - 02016-7608

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4594 North Elston Avenue.

IMPERIAL LIGHTING MAINTENANCE CO. - 02016-7617

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4555 North Elston Avenue.

ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02016-7625

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5950 North Western Avenue.

FIRESIDE TAVERN AND GRILL - 02016-7628

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5739 North Ravenswood Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(40)

(40)

(41)

(41)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

HORIZON GROUP MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02016-7633

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) balconies projecting over the
public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4759 North Maplewood Avenue.

JSF INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - 02016-7816

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4911 North Lincoln Avenue.

CONCA BAKERY - 02016-7490

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6710 North Northwest Highway.

CONCA BAKERY - 02016-7644

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6710 North Northwest Highway.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-7647

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (small cell antenna)
projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6600 North
Lightfoot Avenue.

111 SOUTH WACKER VENTURE, LLC - 02016-7613

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 111 South Wacker Drive.

474 N. LAKE SHORE DRIVE CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02016-7615

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 474 North Lake Shore Drive.

7-ELEVEN - 02016-7618

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 318 West Adams Street.

AMERICASH LOANS, LCC - 02016-7496

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 105 West Madison Street.

BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF ILLINOIS - 02016-7498

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eighteen (18) caissons under the public right?
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 300 East Randolph Street.

BURBERRY LIMITED - 02016-7502

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) bicycle racks on the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 633 North Michigan Avenue.

BURBERRY LIMITED - 02016-7505

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) fences on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 633 North Michigan Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

BURBERRY LIMITED - 02016-7506

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 633 North Michigan Avenue.

CLINTON LAKE, LLC - 02016-7508

To construct, install, maintain and use ten (10) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 211 North Clinton Street.

ENTERPRISE LEASING COMPANY OF CHICAGO - 02016-7528

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10 East Ohio Street.

ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02016-7531

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 201 West Madison Street.

ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02016-7532

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 303 West Lake Street.

FADO IRISH PUB - 02016-7535

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 100 West Grand Avenue.

GARRETT POPCORN SHOPS - 02016-7467

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 625 North Michigan Avenue.

GARRETT POPCORN SHOPS - 02016-7538

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 625 North Michigan Avenue.

INTERPARK - 02016-7563

To construct, install, maintain and use fifty?eight (58) planters on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 50 East Ohio Street.

INTERPARK - 02016-7564

To construct, install, maintain and use one hundred fifty-nine (159) planters on the public
right-of?way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 177 North
Wells Street.

LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-7469

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 432 East Grand Avenue.

LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-7570

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) light fixtures projecting over the
public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 432 East Grand Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F IN THE PUBLLC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-7572

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 436 East Grand Avenue.

LAKE SHORE PLAZA - 02016-7575

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 440 East Grand Avenue.

BOY - 02016-7579 

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 445 North Dearborn Street.

NA HOKU, INC. - 02016-7470

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 600 North Michigan Avenue.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02016-7580

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) catch basins under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 201 East Superior Street.

ONE MEDICAL GROUP - 02016-7819

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 415 North LaSalle Drive.

PRET A MANGER - 02016-7595

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 73 West Monroe Street.

REHABILITATION INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO - 02016-7601

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 355 East Erie Street.

ROLEX - 02016-7471

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 636 North Michigan Avenue.

SHOPHOUSE SOUTHEAST ASIAN KITCHEN - 02016-7473

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 24 East Jackson Boulevard.

SHOREHAM DEVELOPMENT GROUP, LLC - 02016-7603

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 400 East South Water Street.

SWISS FINE TIMING AND JEWELRY - 02016-7606

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 70 East Walton Street.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

THE GRAY - 02016-7540

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 39 South LaSalle Street.

THE HERITAGE AT MILLENNIUM PARK CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02016-7544

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) caisson under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 130 North Garland Court.

THE HERITAGE AT MILLENNIUM PARK CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02016-7557

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 130 North Garland Court.

THE HERITAGE AT MILLENNIUM PARK CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02016-7558

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 130 North Garland Court.

WINTRUST BANK - 02016-7818

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 North McClurg Court.

BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A. - 02016-7438

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 558 West Webster Street.

FRED KREHBIEL - 02016-7440

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty-three (23) light fixtures projecting over
the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1260 North Lake Shore Drive.

PARKVIEW GROCER - 02016-7444

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1940 North Clark Street.

RAVENS - 02016-7446

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2326 North Clark Street.

SAI EYEBROW THREADING SALON - 02016-7497

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2468 North Clark Street.

WHCP-N 2050, LLC - 02016-7451

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2050 North Clark Street.

WHCP-N 2050, LLC - 02016-7455

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) tree grates on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2050 North Clark Street.

12

ORDINANCES FOR QBANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(47)

(47)

AMAZON RETAIL, LLC - 02016-7499

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3441 North Southport Avenue.

AMAZON RETAIL, LLC - 02016-7630

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3441 North Southport Avenue.

BARRY TOWN HOMES CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02016-7637

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 345 West Barry Avenue.

BEST WESTERN-HAWTHORNE TERRACE - 02016-7638

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3434 North Broadway.

GRASSROOTS - 02016-7820

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3747 North Southport Avenue.

STEVE AND MARY MOLO - 02016-7646

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) fence on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 341 West Wellington Avenue.

STEVE AND MARY MOLO - 02016-7653

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) fence on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 341 West Wellington Avenue.

ATI PHYSICAL THERAPY - 02016-7822

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3858 North Cicero Avenue.

GALE STREET INN - 02016-7823

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4914 North Milwaukee Avenue.

THE CORRIB IRISH PUB - 02016-7821

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5522 North Elston Avenue.

ALBANY AUTO SALES - 02016-7500

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4030 North Rockwell Street.

AUTHORIZED RETAILER - 02016-7658

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1724 West Lawrence Avenue.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILLEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(47) 99 ILLINOIS, - 02016-7662

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1401 West Irving Park Road.

(47) ROGERS PARK VINTAGE MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02016-7656

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1821 West Berteau Avenue.

(47) FROZEN CUSTARD, LLC - 02016-7659

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1658 West Belmont Avenue.

(47) THE GRIND CAFE, - 02016-7825

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4613 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) THE RAIL BAR GRILL - 02016-7824

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4709 North Damen Avenue.

(47) XIPPO - 02016-7826

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3759 North Damen Avenue.

14

ORDERS FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(13)

(33)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(47)

(47)

CANOPIES

THE DRAKE HOTEL - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 802016-7388
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 140 East Walton Place.
LOU PIZZERIA - 02016-7390
To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 6465 South Cicero Avenue.

ALL RIGHT SALES, INC. - 02016-7392

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 4253 North Kedzie Avenue.
BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF ILLINOIS - 02016-7395

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 300 East Randolph Street.
GOLUB COMPANY - 02016-7399

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 680 North Lake Shore Drive.
THE PRIME RIB - 02016-7405

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 100 East Ontario Street.
BOY - 02016-7406

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 445 North Dearborn Street.

THE HERITAGE AT MILLENNIUM PARK CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02016-7402
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 130 North Garland Court.

2650 LAKEVIEW CONDO ASSN. - 02016-7412
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2650 North Lakeview Avenue.

POCKET PUPPIES BOUTIQUE - 02016-7410
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2479 North Clark Street.

WHCP-N 2050, LLC - 02016-7411

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2050 North Clark Street.
- 02016-7414

To maintain and use (4) canopies located at 2124 West Lawrence Avenue.
CVSIPHARMACY #2862 - 02016-7415

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 3944 North Western Avenue.

15

MISCELLANEQUS ITEMS:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(8)

(13)

(13)

(21)

EAST VILLAGE DENTAL CARE - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-7762

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
East Village Dental Care on April 15, 2015 and printed upon page 106738 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words "ten (10) feet above
grade" and inserting in their place the words "twenty (20) feet above grade."

LAWRENCE KAUFMAN - 02016-7614

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LAWRENCE KAUFMAN from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2454?2456 North
Western Avenue.

ROSSI - 02016-7537

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 51-79 block of West Maple Street as
"Joseph 'Joe' Rossi Way."

WINDY CITY RE - 02016-7605

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
WINDY CITY RE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2010 South Wabash Avenue.

SAFE RELIABLE AUTO - 02016-7610

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
SAFE RELIABLE AUTO from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1251 East 95th
Street.

SENIOR LEAGUE WORLD CHAMPIONS 2016 - 02016-7534

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate South Mulligan Avenue, from West 61st Street
to West 63rd Street as, Senior League World Champions 2016 Way."

JANETEAS, JR. - 02016-7542

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 6001 South McVicker Avenue as "Nicholas
'Niko' Janeteas, Jr. Way."

- (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 302016-7775

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate South Justine Avenue, from 8700 to 8800
(8700 South Justine Avenue) as "Mr. G's Street."

16

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(23)

(24)

(25)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

CARDENAS TRUCKING - 02016-7612

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CARDENAS TRUCKING from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5400 South Central
Avenue.

TEMPLE - 02016-7771

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 3600 block of West Douglas Boulevard as
"Stone Temple Way."

VICTOR KROLL - 02016-7619

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
KROLL from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 912 West 19th Street.

BLUES LEGEND WILLIE BUCK - 02016-7783

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate North Milwaukee Avenue and West Cortez
Street, Northwest corner to be known as, "Honorary Blues Legend Willie Buck Way."

TERRANCE CALLIER - 02016-7530

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate North Sedgwick Street and West Elm Street,
Northwest corner to be known as, "Honorary Terrance Callier Way."

ALEJANDRO MORALES - 02016-7627

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ALEJANDRO MORALES from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 643 North Kedzie
Avenue.

BOND COMPANIES - 02016-7632

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BOND COMPANIES from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 727 North Milwaukee
Avenue.

FIREPLACE INN - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-7767

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Fireplace Inn on September 14, 2016 and printed upon page 6208 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions and authorized term for the permit.

17

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(28)

I29)

(30)

(31)

(31)

I32)

GEORGE TSANTILIS DEAN NICHOLOS, JOINT VENTURES - 02016-7641

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
GEORGE TSANTILIS DEAN NICHOLOS, JOINT VENTURES from the provisions
requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 2036 West Madison Street.

NORTH TOWN AUTO, LLC - 02016-7623

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
NORTH TOWN AUTO, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1311 West North
Avenue.

IRVIN L. PHILLIPS - 02016-7432

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 600 block of South Oakley Avenue as
"Reverend Irvin L. Phillips Way."

JENNIE L. PETTIES - 02016-7431

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the intersection of Chicago Avenue and
Mayfield to be known as "Bishop Jennie L. Petties Way."

ONWARD NEIGHBORHOOD HOUSE - 02016-7290

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ONWARD NEIGHBORHOOD HOUSE from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
5409-5413 West Diversey Avenue.

CN AUTO REPAIR, INC. - 02016-7378

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CN
AUTO REPAIR, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4940 West Belmont
Avenue.

FIRST STEP LEARNING - 02016-7377

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
FIRST STEP LEARNING from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4930 West
Diversey Avenue.

ARMITAGE AUTO REPAIR - 02016-7375

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ARMITAGE AUTO REPAIR from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2036?2038 West
Armitage Avenue.

18

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(32)

(34)

(35)

(33)

(39)

(40)

(42)

THE LLC - 02016-7376

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE
LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1920 North Milwaukee
Avenue.

L. KATES, SR. - 02016-7553

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate South Ashland Avenue, from West 110th
Street to West 111th Street (11000 to 11059 South Ashland Avenue) as, "Troy L. Kates,
Sr. Drive."

COLLISION SERVICES, LLC - 02016-7374

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
COLLISION SERVICES, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4545
North Pulaski Road.

CPD CAPTAIN LUPE PENA - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-7436

An amendment of an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
"Honorary CPD Captain Lupe Pena Drive" on July 20, 2016 and printed upon page
29353 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by rescinding installation
and replacing with, "Honorary CPD Commander Lupe Pena Drive."

CLARK STREET SPORTS - 02016-7425

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CLARK STREET SPORTS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4506 West
Lawrence Avenue.

EMERALD ISLE ON PETERSON - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-7764

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Black Sheep on Peterson on November 13, 2013 and printed upon page 65444 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Emerald Isle on
Peterson" and inserting in its place the words, "Black Sheep."

WACKER GP, INC. - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-7769

An amendment of an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Wacker GP, Inc. on June 22, 2016 and printed upon page 26939 of the C.J.P. of the City
of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
compensation amounts.

l9

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

 

WARD

(42) REPEAL PRIOR ORDINANCE DESIGNATING - 02016-7434

(1) Repeal of prior ordinance which designated North Wabash Avenue, from East Illinois
Street to main branch of Chicago River as, "Trump Plaza."

20

ORDINANCES FOR SUBDIVISIONS AND RESUBDIVISIONS:

WARD

(27) ONNI ATRIUM APARTMENTS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02016-7751

A proposed Atrium Village resubdivision being a resubdivision in the block bounded by
North Orleans Street, West Division Street, North Wells Street and West Hill Street.

21

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DEDICATIONS. OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS OF
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

WARD
(4)

(23)

(23)

(31)

(45)

CHICAGO TITLE LAND TRUST 118087-06 SCHOOL - 02016-
7753

A proposed vacation of the northernmost section of the north?south 16 foot wide public
alley bounded by East 48th Street, East 47th Place, South Dorchester Avenue and South
Kenwood Avenue.

PUBLIC BUILDING COMMISSION (TO BENEFIT CPS-SW AREA MIDDLE SCHOOL) -
02016-7428

A dedication of additional sidewalk width as currently built along West 61st Street
between South Keeler Avenue and South Karlov Avenue.

RFM PROPERTIES I, L.P. - 02016-1654

A proposed vacation of a dead ended section of West 52nd Street and the dead ended
16 foot wide East?West alley to the north, both as bounded by South Millard Avenue, and
railroad tracks to the east.

SHUBERT DEVELOPMENT - 02016-6447

A proposed vacation of a 7 foot strip of West Parker Avenue bounded by North Kilpatrick
and unopened North Knox Avenue (approximately vacated North Kenton Avenue).

IRVING PARK PROPERTIES IRVING PARK PROPERTIES II - 02016-683

A proposed vacation and dedication of alleys in the block bounded by West lrving Park
Road, West Dakin Street, North Lamon Avenue and North Lavergne Avenue.

22

MAYORAL INTRODUCTIONS:

WARD

AGREEMENT WITH 1237 NORTH MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02016-7912

Agreement with 1237 North Milwaukee, LLC for installation, operation and maintenance
of Eco?Totem on the public way to count bicycle riders on North Milwaukee Avenue.

23

