[Type text]

ADA Advisory Committee
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, January 9, 2017
Members Present
Chairperson:
Committee Members:

Excused

Unexcused:
Facilitator:

Dorrell Smith
Christina McGleam
Aziza Nassar
Donna K. Shaw
Bryen Yunashko
Melissa Fuller
Angela Davis (Arrived at 1:50 p.m. When she came, had
quorum for voting).
Pierre Bance
Grace Kaminkowitz
Suzen Riley
Allen West
Carol Gomez
Amy Serpe, Manager, ADA Compliance Programs

Dorrell Smith, Committee Chairman called the meeting to order at 1:33 p.m.
Roll Call
 Meeting members introduced themselves. (When the meeting began, did not have a quorum.
After Ms. Davis arrived, there was a quorum of 7 so voting on any issue could happen).
Announcements
 Ms. Serpe stated that 4 Committee members called in advance and are excused: Pierre
Bance, Grace Kaminkowitz, Suzen Riley and Allen West. Carol Gomez did not call in so is
unexcused.
Approval of Minutes from the October 11, 2017 Meeting
 The October 9, 2017 Meeting Minutes were sent to all Committee members in advance for
review.
 The voting for approval of the minutes was delayed until after the Construction Report when a
quorum was then present.
 There were no corrections for the submitted Minutes. Chairman Smith asked for a motion to
accept the Minutes as written. Ms. McGleam moved and Ms. Davis seconded the motion.
 All present voted to approve the Minutes with no opposed or abstentions.
General Construction Report Update
 Mr. Robert Wittmann, Vice President of Capital Construction presented the report.
 95th Station: “The design/build contractors completed caissons and caisson caps for the west side of the
south terminal. This is … the new terminal to the south of 95th Street. … T hey co
mpleted the deep
foundations there … [and] will start the new south terminal, on the west side which is currently the side
they're working on [as] they really can only work on one side at a time due to the train movements down
1

 [Type text]















there. … The extended lane closure that we've had out there has beenremoved for the winter months per
IDOT regulations. However, that will be reinstalled around April 1st to support the remaining
construction out there for the remainder of 2017. … The design builder also continues to bid out trade
packages associated with work both for the south terminal and the north terminal.”
Wilson Station: “… We're in stage three of the Wilson project. The contractor completed all of the
caisson work, which again are the deep foundations that will support the new track three, … which is the
northbound RedLine track through the Wilson station area. They'realso working on structural steel,
concrete deck and trackwork for the new track three. … They're also working on the Gerber Building,
which is the historic building at Wilson, which will be refurbished. So that work is also ongoing as well as
work on the main station house including elevators [and] escalators. Stage three [is] scheduled for
completion in March. So that's anothermilestone that we're headed towards at Wilson to get that stage
done to move onto the final stage four for the rest of this year.”
Five Station Your New Blue Line Project: “Our five station Blue Line project [was] recently
completed … in early December. … We also placed the new elevator at Addison in service in early
December. … [While] thereis [a] punch list [for] work [on]those five stations … that project is wrapped
up.”
Signal Project: “One new contract … is the signal project. It's on the Brown Line between Armitage
and the Mart. This is an upgrade of our signal system there. The contractor is out there working now
installing brackets on the structure and that work will continue through 2017 aswell.”
Quincy: “… We've started utility relocations at Quincy which will support the installation and the new
foundations for the elevator[s] there. So foundation work should start later this quarter. They've gotto
finish up some utility relocations and then they will begin that foundation work which will ultimately
lead to the two new elevators going in at Quincy. … That work is ongoing and will start to ramp up as
we get a little further out of the winter here.”
Illinois Medical District – IMD: “… We have started work on the Paulina station house at the Medical
District … [and] we've temporarily closed that station house so we can dosome upgrades … {it will] open
… back up and then [we will] close another one of the entrances. … [The] entrance at Paulina should reopen
by the end of this week and then we'll move onto Damen later this quarter where we'll temporarily close
Damen so t he contractor can get in there and rehabilitate the Damen station as part of this ongoing project.
Work at Ogden will come a little later this year. Ogden is the station that gets the new elevators. So you'll
see that work progress … at each of those locations at that station as we move through 2017.”
CDOT Projects: “… The CDOT project at Washington/Wabash [where] structural steel work has been
ongoing for a while … and continues. The structural steel for the elevator tower is done. They're working
on platform steel now. They have someof that completed, but they still have other platform work yet to
do. They are working on mezzanine level concrete which will support some of the new area where the
new fare array will end up sitting. So that work is ongoing along with other CTA support rooms and
other station elements. … and should be complete in mid 2017 per CDOT.”
Following the report, Ms. Davis pointed out that while construction continues at the Wilson
Station, the path of travel on the sidewalks outside the station is affected. There are minimal
barriers and not effective signage. Both Mr. Wittmann and Facilitator Serpe said they would
look into this issue and provide an update.
2

 [Type text]







Since Mr. Wittmann needed to leave before the end of the meeting, Ms. Trawinski (from the
audience) was allowed to ask him a couple of questions. Ms. Trawinski, as Chair of the City
ADA Pace/Paratransit Advisory Committee, wanted to know if there will be an accessible dropoff place for Paratransit riders at the new 95th Street Station to which both Mr. Wittmann and
Facilitator Serpe stated that, “yes” there will be a place for Paratransit customers. Mr.
Wittmann pointed out that people can get from the north to the south or south to the north side
of the station via elevator or escalator, as well as without having to go outside or cross a street
via a bridge across 95th Street or at platform level.
Ms. Trawinski also asked if audio and vibrating pedestrian signals are going to be installed at
the Station. Both Mr. Wittmann and Facilitator Serpe explained that while there will be street
crossing signals, it is unknown if they will be audio and also vibrate (Audio Pedestrian Signals
– APS). The Chicago Department of Transportation (CDOT) is responsible for making those
decisions and they have not disclosed where or when any of those types of signals will be
installed.
Mr. Yunashko stated that CDOT is receiving some Federal funding for an APS Pilot Program.
He suggested that people contact CDOT with any suggestions for which intersections should
receive APS.

Change in Agenda Order
 Before moving on to the next topic, the Committee voted 4 to 3 to have the Public Comment
section of the meeting follow the Committee’s By-Laws discussion. This topic order was
changed.
 Facilitator Serpe reminded Committee members that they should contact either her or the
Committee Chairman prior to meetings if there is an Agenda item to be considered, as the
Agendas are distributed to the Committee in advance of meetings. No member had been in
contact regarding changing the order of presentations/discussions for this meeting. The
original thought behind moving the Public Comment section up on the Agenda was so that
audience members who did not want to sit through a lengthy discussion regarding the ByLaws, yet wanted to make a Public Comment, would have the opportunity to speak and then
leave the meeting sooner rather than later.
All Stations Accessibility Program - ASAP
 Ms. Leah Dawson-Mooney, Director of Strategic Planning updated the Committee on CTA’s
ASAP initiative.
 As a recap: The program goal is to create an accessible rail system within 20 years.
 Ms. Dawson-Mooney stated that, “… You may have seen the news. We had somereally exciting
news. CTA signed an agreement this morning for a billion dollars for the Red/Purple Modernization
Program. So let me first say that on behalf of CTA, I would like to thank the membersof this
Committee as well as members of the disability community at large who attended the public meetings
and who spoke in support of the transit TIF, specifically for the Red/Purple Modernization Phase One
Project. Since the last ADA Advisory Committee meeting, the transit TIF was passed unanimously by
the City Council providing the final piece of local funding required to match over $1 billion in federal
funds. This includes a full funding grant agreement, or FFGA,for $957 million. As you may be aware, the
FFGA was signed just this morning in this room and the $2.1 billion RPM Phase One Project is now fully
3

 [Type text]









funded. This project is part of the vision for full accessibility of the CTA rail system and it includes four
stations on the Red Line that will be made accessible; Lawrence, Argyle, Berwyn and Bryn Mawr. In
addition to the four stations, the project will reconstruct track, structure, signaling system and power
infrastructure in the project area and will build a bypass just north of the Belmont station to improve
throughout on the lines. The initial groundbreaking is expected to occurin late 2018 with construction work
taking four to five years. Of course, that schedule is subject to change depending upon the final contract.
This is a major success for the All Stations Accessibility Program and the voices of the people from the
disability community [who]played a key role in this. We look forward to future collaboration as we secure
funding to make the remaining 38 stations accessible by 2036.”
“As you know the All Stations Accessibility Program, or ASAP is currently unfunded, but CTA will
continue to pursue funding through future state capital programs and other potential sources with the
support of this group and the disability community at large. In addition to sharing the good news about
RPM Phase One, today I will be talking -- sharing a schedule update on the ASAP work. However, first, I
wanted to talk a little bit about how we're addressing the commentswe received from this Committee on the
need to incorporate wayfinding elements on the ASAP stations including improvements for people who are
blind or have reducedvision as well as those who are both Deaf and blind. First, we have engaged our subconsultant LCM [Architects} to research existing wayfinding technology and systems that are used in other
public spaces and to advise on what might be suitable for application at CTA stations. The ASAP working
group has seenpreliminary information from the consultant and we hopeto share the findings at the April
committee meeting. We are also planning to meet with Mr. Yunashko, a memberof this Committee, in the
middle of the month to dig deeper into this issue and to learn from his specific experience. We greatly
appreciate the insights and support of the Committee members onthis topic. The recommendations from
this report will be incorporated into the larger strategic plan. It is important to note that CTA is typically
very conscientious about incorporating new technologies and treatments into the system and it's incredibly
important … that whatever … we implement have broad applicability and acceptance.”
“In terms of schedule, since the ASAP program was announcedin January of last year [2016],CTA has been
working rigorously to develop the program and prepare astrategic plan. We are targeting the middle of 2017
to complete this strategic plan and share that with this group. We also recently provided an update to
President Carter on our progress. As you may remember,our approach has been to develop ten-percent
designs for the first five stations [Austin on the Lake Street Green Line, California, Irving Park and
Montrose on the O’Hare Blue Line and Pulaski on the Forest Park Blueand
Line]
higher level concept
plans for the remaining stations. We are also leveraging the work of the Red/Purple Modernization and the
Forest Park Branch Vision Study projects. … The ten-percent conceptfor each station includes the plans for
street, station, mezzanine and platform levels in addition to elevations and sections. These concepts show
elevator location, accessibility improvements at adjacent sidewalks and street crosswalks, ADA fare array,
accessible customer agent kiosks, platform clearances for wheelchair maneuverability and any stairs added
to meet exiting requirements. Although the location of different elements may change in final design, …
the ten-percent designs do provide a solid baseline for final design and they also provide sufficient detail
to estimate the construction cost.”
“We are currently planning that Austin and California will be the first two stations to be made accessible
as part of ASAP, although neither of them are funded yet. Besides those first five stations, we're
developing … higher level sketch concepts for the remaining 16, [stations] … [these] are not as detailed
as the ten percent designs and are being drafted for the purpose of developing cost estimates. The station
cost estimates will be ultimately compiled to obtain a total program cost and funding needs which will
be part of the final strategic plan.”
“Finally, we are developing the 20-year schedule that will be a roadmap for ASAP and will show the
sequence in which the stations will be made accessible including the major planning design and
4

 [Type text]



construction milestones. The schedule is being crafted to minimize conflict between various CTA
construction projects and to minimize service and street disruption. This schedule will be a living
document and will be adjusted in the future based on funding availability and other construction
projects as well as any other new information.”
There were no questions or comments from Committee members regarding the ASAP
Program.

Elevator/Escalator Efficiencies Report
 Mr. James Kissane, General Manager Facilities Maintenance reported on the status of
elevators and escalators.
 Committee members received advance copies of the Elevator/Escalator Efficiency reports to
review prior to the meeting.
 Mr. Kissane sighted the fourth quarter comparison data stating, “… As you can see, [in] the
fourth quarter we took a bit of a beating on the uptime for elevators due to several elevators that
required major work with extensive downtime of up to two to three weeks. And … we [consider the]
impact of all of the elevators when we're gathering the data to do the estimates and percentages of
uptime and downtime. With that being said, I probably have three elevators throughout the courseof
October, November and December [2016] thatrequired packing and hoistway repairs which we can't
control, but we can certainly repair.”
 Mr. Kissane went over the data for the Elevator and Escalator Efficiencies reports for the fourth
quarter of 2016. He also reminded the Committee of the impact that weather has on these
systems, especially those elevators and escalators that are outdoors.
 For the 4th quarter of 2016 vs. Q-4 in 2015, the following reflects elevator efficiencies:

October 2016 = 98.7% and 2015 = 99.1 (down -0.4%).

November 2016 = 99.1% and 2015 = 99.3% (down -0.2%).

December 2016 = 98.5% and 2015 = 99.4% (down - 0.9%).
 For the 4th quarter of 2016 vs. Q-4 2015, the following reflects escalator efficiencies:

October 2016 = 97.4% and 2015 = 96.3 (up 0.9%)

November 2016 = 96.0% and 2015 = 96.7% (down -0.7%)

December 2016 = 94.3% and 2015 = 96.0% (down 1.7%).
 The following are completed escalator reconditionings.

Red Line

Lake/Randolph: Oct. 19, 2015 – Feb. 11, 2016

Granville: Dec. 14, 2015 – Mar. 10, 2016

Randolph/Washington: Feb. 3, 2016 – Jun. 3, 2016

Blue Line

Lake/Wells: Dec. 11, 2015 – Feb. 9, 2016

Clark/Lake Transfer: Jun. 13, 2016 – Jul. 1, 2016

Adams/Jackson: Aug. 24, 2016 – Dec. 1, 2016

Orange Line

Library: Jan. 15, 2016 – Jun. 25, 2016
 The following are either started or planned escalator reconditionings which have not yet
completed.

Blue Line

O’Hare: Feb. 2017 – Down Escalator

River Road: June 2017 – Up Escalator
5

 [Type text]



Ms. Fuller stated that the up escalator, Mezzanine to Street level on the east side of Adams
Street makes a lot of noise to which Mr. Kissane said he would have staff check out the
escalator.

Customer Service Report
 Ms. Kathryn Kennelly, Manager Customer Feedback Programs provided the Customer Service
update report.
 Committee members received advance copies of the Customer Service reports to review prior
to the meeting.
 Ms. Kennelly began by stating, “… Overall, complaints decreased 15 percentin the fourth quarter
which is a very similar trend that we saw in the previous year. Using historical data as an indicator, we
expect that complaints will continue to trend down in the coming period and may pick back up in the
spring and summer months. In the current period, ADA complaints accounted for 5 percent of all
complaints which is very typical.”
 The following are 4th quarter statistics regarding disability-related Customer Services
complaints.

Total CTA complaints for all three months of Q-4 2016, (Oct., Nov. & Dec. 2016), =
4,227 of which 205 were related to disability-related complaints.

Q-4 Bus Related Complaints: Oct. 66, Nov. 48 and Dec. 40 totaling 154.

Q-4 Rail Related Complaints: Oct. 13, Nov. 17 and Dec. 21 totaling 51.

During the 3 month 2016 Q-4 period, there were a total of 60 ADA Compliance
Complaints which include such things as not assisting customers with disabilities, not
complying with ADA rules, not helping to secure wheelchairs and fare disputes. During
the same period in 2015, there were 81 complaints in this category.

In Q-4, Rude Operators accounted for 43 complaints in 2016 vs 36 in 2015.

Q-4 2016 Pass-Ups totaled 41 complaints vs 38 in 2015.

Failure to kneel bus accounted for 14 complaints during the 2016 Q-4, 3 month period
vs 2 in 2015.

2016 ramp issues totaled 10 complaints in Q-4 vs 11 in 2015.

And failure to announce stops totaled 10 complaints during Q-4 2016 vs 2 in 2015.
 Ms. Fuller inquired as to the areas in which the most complaints are received to which Ms.
Kennelly responded that the top 3 areas are ADA Complaints which cover the issues sited
above, as well as rude operator and pass ups.
 Ms. Fuller stated that she has had good experiences at “L” stations when she has her cane as
she has limited vision. She said that she receives good service from CSAs and other CTA
staff.
 Ms. Nassar commented that she has had the opposite in terms of service and has had issues
in being provided the gap filler in a timely manner when getting off a train, especially at the
Midway Station.
 Facilitator Serpe explained again that if a CSA is not available at a station and gap filler
assistance is needed, then the Rail Operator provides the assistance. There is generally only
one CSA per station and if that individual is not available because they are assisting another
customer or perhaps going to the bathroom, then the Rail Operator provides help regarding the
gap filler.
 Both Ms. Kennelly and Facilitator Serpe also explained that all complaints are sent to the
appropriate manager for investigation and follow-up.
6

 [Type text]






Facilitator Serpe has offered to have a Supervisor at a particular station to see how customers
needing help are accommodated she also stated she is available to be at a station to see what
is happening. No customer has asked for this to happen as of yet.
Ms. Shaw has an issue with having to connect from a CTA bus to a Metra Train as she stated
that the Metra Station at 87th Street has no elevator and she often misses her train. Facilitator
Serpe explained that the CTA has no jurisdiction over a Metra Station and that CTA buses
adhere to a specific schedule.
Mr. Yunashko stated that there should be more coordination between CTA and Metra in terms
of schedules and connections. Facilitator Serpe added that people need to understand that
traffic patterns affect bus schedules and extenuating circumstances affect Metra Trains. She
added that there is coordination between the Service Boards but sometimes connections are
missed due to unforeseen circumstances.

Facilitator’s Report
 Ms. Amy Serpe, Manager, ADA Compliance Programs and ADA Advisory Committee
Facilitator, presented the Facilitator’s Report.
 Facilitator Serpe provided information regarding the following topics:

There is to be a meeting with Mr. Yunashko on January 18, 2017 with members of the
All Stations Accessibility Program (ASAP) and ADA Manager related to way-finding and
transportation issues in general experienced by individuals who are DeafBlind.

Based on requests from this Committee, there will be a representative from the Transit
Systems Support Department to discuss in-transit bus notification for people who are
Deaf or Hard of Hearing.

In answer to a comment from Mr. Powell, raised during the Public Comment Section of
the October 11, 2016 meeting: regarding the fact that there is a large hole and the audio
button is missing from the NW corner of Michigan Avenue and South Water. Mr.
Haynes, Manager, Transit Systems Support in the Technology Dept. provided the
following information in an e-mail to Facilitator Serpe: “Michigan Ave and South Water,
southbound (NW) corner does not have a shelter sign. It did have one a very long time
ago at the start of the project but the cellular coverage was such that it just never
worked. We tried replacing the sign (with) better antennas and ended up taking the sign
out completely a long time ago. I will make it a point of visiting the location just to give it
a visual inspection. Maybe there is still a hole in the pole from where the button was so
long ago. FOLLOWING INSPECTION… There is a hole in the pole for a button, but the
sign was unmoved years ago. We do not have any intention of replacing the sign since
the cellular coverage there never worked.”

Facilitator Serpe recognized and thanked again the 2 Committee members – Ms. Riley
and Ms. McGleam – who provided public comment and spoke in favor of the CTA
receiving the Transit Tif.

Committee members were reminded that they would soon receive an e-mail including
the Statement of Financial Interest Form that needs to be completed annually by all
CTA staff, Committee and Board members. Assistance in completing the form will be
provided upon request.

In response to phone calls regarding ambiguity of where the Paratransit drop off point is
located at Union Station – Facilitator Serpe received the following response from Pace
who runs the Paratransit Operations: “Common Location” is 225 S. Canal – on E. Side
of Canal between Adams and Jackson. There are 2 elevators and 2 long escalators at
7

 [Type text]










this location. There is not a designated sign anywhere at Union Station for Paratransit
drop off. Paratransit will also drop customers off at the Northeast (NE) corner of Clinton
and Jackson (on Clinton side) where there is a ramp at a back entrance.”
A print copy explaining how to administer the Sighted Guide Technique generally used
to accommodate individuals who are Blind or visually impaired was sent to a Committee
member who requested it and is available to others upon request.
Familiarization training for the new Union Transit Station Center (UTSC) Terminal will
be scheduled in the Spring.
Facilitator Serpe asked the following Committee members if there intent is to remain on
the Committee for their second 2 year term after their first 2 year term expires in
October 2017. This was done to provide some insight into how many new members
might need to be solicited within the next few months. The following were member
responses:
Ms. Davis – Yes
Ms. Shaw – Yes
Ms. Nassar – Does not know. Needs to check in with Access Living.
Ms. Gomez – As she has had several unexcused absences and not been in
touch with either the Committee Chair or CTA Facilitator she most likely will not
be returning for a second term.

Old Business
 During the last ADA Advisory Committee meeting, members wanted an opportunity to
thoroughly review and discuss the Committee By-Laws. It was decided that a portion of the
January 2017 meeting would be used to facilitate that request.
 The Committee Chair read through each section of the document (which was not completed
during this meeting) and comments and suggestions ensued.

Mr. Yunashko wants Committee member organizational affiliations, as well as type of
disability (if any) and what “community” they represent put onto the membership roster.
The Facilitator pointed out that agency affiliations are listed on the CTA Website and
generally speaking, individuals mention their agency affiliations when introducing
themselves during the Committee roll-call. As far as disclosure of disability, that needs
to be left up to each individual member and is not on the Website.

Mr. Yunashko also expressed an opinion that the Committee was not being effectively
used by the CTA and that Committee members should have more of a say when
contracts and other things are being decided so that their concerns are met.

The most significant issues raised during this discussion related to having an appointed
Vice Chair and if there should be 3 Sub-Committees to address specific issues related
to people with disabilities. It was thought that sub-committees can focus on issues
related to mobility, sensory and cognitive needs in conjunction with riding the CTA.

The facilitator pointed out that the makeup of the sub-committees could involve outside
individuals for discussion but no more than 4 actual Committee members could be
present at any one discussion in accordance with Open Meeting Act rules. A synopsis
of the sub-committee discussion would then be brought to the larger ADA Advisory
Committee for consideration and ideas would them be brought to the CTA.

While some members present thought the sub-committees could be effective, no one
person wanted to take on the responsibility of heading any of the Committee
discussions.
8

 [Type text]



Because there were several members not physically present at this meeting or on the
phone, the Facilitator stated that a memo would be sent to all members for
consideration of the 2 ideas – Vice Chair and sub-committees. Members would be
asked to provide topics they thought should be included in each of the sub-committees
(such as what specifics relate to mobility needs, etc.), as well as if they had any interest
in being considered for the Vice Chair appointment which is made by the Chicago
Transit Board Chairman. Responses to the memo, by an agreed upon due date, would
be in writing: Facilitator Serpe stated, “… So you have your assignments. February 15th
you're going to tell me if you want to be Vice Chair and by March 1st you're going to send me what
you think these three different discussions should entail. I will send an e-mail before then, … to
sort of refresh your memories of what you should do. Is everybody clear? To which Ms. Fuller
responded, “Yes.”

Public Comment
 Mr. Jamal Powell stated that he agrees with Mr. Yunashko in so far as the Committee should
be bringing more ideas to the CTA and the CTA should take the Committee’s advice. He also
commented in response to Ms. Shaw’s dilemma regarding coordinating a Metra train and CTA
bus schedule that perhaps taking an earlier bus might help in terms of catching her train if
having to take the stairs slowly is an issue.
 Mr. Charles Petrov, an attorney from Access Living stated that he thought this Committee
should have a say in what stations are made accessible and the order in which they are
selected in accordance with the ASAP project. He also said that he was unaware of why the
first 5 identified stations were made priority stations even though there are stations on the
north-side near hospitals that are not on the list of the first five stations. Facilitator Serpe
pointed out that since last year, a representative of the ASAP project has come to every ADA
Advisory Committee meeting and presented specifics regarding how stations have been
selected. Any Committee member is always able to comment on or ask questions related to
that presentation. Often, no one has a comment. She added that the north-side stations are
actually part of the Red/Purple Modernization Program (RPM) and will be dealt with in
connection with that program.
 Ms. Marcia Trawinski stated that she has had some meetings with CDOT and others and was
told that there should be an official Pace/Paratransit sign put up in the front, on the east side of
Union Station where Amtrak is, but no date for installation has been identified. She went on to
ask about the Audio Pedestrian Signals, if it was known where and when those would be
placed and who is responsible. Facilitator Serpe stated that the APS project is through CDOT
and the City. While there has been money identified for installation, no one seems to know
where and when that installation will occur. And finally, Ms. Trawinski thanked the CTA and the
ADA Unit for sending out e-mails regarding elevator and escalator closures, work orders, as
well as bus route changes in advance of their happenings as these notices are helpful.
New Business
 The By-Laws discussion will be continued at the April ADA Advisory Committee meeting.
 The Committee would like someone at the next meeting who can address the “blinking
Express Sign” issue on buses that affects information for individuals who are Deaf or Hard of
Hearing.
Adjournment
9

 [Type text]




Chairman Smith announced that the next ADA Advisory Committee meeting will be held on
Monday, April 10, 2017 from 1:30 – 4 p.m. in the 2 nd Floor Boardroom at CTA Headquarters.
Chairman Smith asked for a motion to adjourn. Ms. McGleam moved and Ms. Davis seconded
to adjourn the meeting. All voted, “Aye,” and the meeting adjourned at 4:05 p.m.
ajs 03-28-17

10

 