Amendment #2
MEETING AGENDA
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY
Committee Meeting Held on Thursday, September 8, 2016
at
City Hall

10:00 am. in Room 201-A

36K

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

ANYTIME FITNESS - 02016-5723

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2412 West North Avenue.

BYLINE BANK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6150

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1600 West Chicago Avenue.

BYLINE BANK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6151

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1600 West Chicago Avenue.

INDIGO LOFTS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-5726

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) balconies projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1400 North Milwaukee Avenue.

SONRISA DENTAL - 02016-5728

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3069 West Armitage Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2443 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6149

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1588 North Milwaukee Avenue.

THAI VILLAGE RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6152

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2053 West Division Street.

BERGER FINANCIAL SERVICES, CIO REALTY MORTGAGE COMPANY - 02016-
5733

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) landscapings on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1100 North Dearborn
Street.

CG FLOOR FINISHES 8: PAINT SUPPLY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6157

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1101 North Ashland Avenue.

CHICAGO TROLLEY DOUBLE DECKER COMPANY - 02016-5736

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) portable booth on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 145 East Pearson Street.

DERMATOLOGY AESTHETICS OF WICKER PARK - 02016-5738

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1765 North Elston Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE PUBQC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

FOREVER 21 - 02016-5739

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 865 West North Avenue.

HILTON CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE SUITES - 02016-5740

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty-one (21) planters on the public right-of?
way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 198 East Delaware
Place.

HOMEWORKS OF OHIO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6153

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1980 North Clybourn Avenue.

HOMEWORKS OF OHIO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6158

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1980 North Clybourn Avenue.

HOWE CORPORATION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6155

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1650 North Elston Avenue.

LAKESHORE SPORT FITNESS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6160

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1320 West Fullerton Avenue.

NAIL ART STUDIO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6154

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 744 North Clark Street.

NAIL ART STUDIO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6159

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 744 North Clark Street.

NORTHSIDE BAR GRILL - 02016-5742

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1635 North Damen Avenue.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02016-5744

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 245 East Chicago Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2215 - 02016-5748

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 828 North State Street.

SUSHI PARA - 02016-5749

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1633 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(4)

THE HOUSE OF GLUNZ - 02016-5741

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1202 North Wells Street.

THE QUEEN MARY - 02016-5746

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2125 West Division Street.

UNCLE HACIENDA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6156

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 855 West North Avenue.

WELLS ON WELLS - 02016-5750

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1617 North Wells Street.

A LOTTA GOOD STUFF RESALE FURNITURE - 02016-5752

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 501 East 47th Street.

CERMAK WABASH CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02016-5754

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 67 East Cermak Road.

J. BEES CASUAL 8: SPORTSWEAR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6163

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 232 East 47th Street.

MAGIC NAILS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6161

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 229 East 47th Street.

METROPOLITAN APOSTOLIC COMMUNITY CHURCH - 02016-5755

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4100 South Dr. Martin Luther
King Jr. Drive.

ROGERS HYUNDAI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6162

To maintain and use six (6) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2720 South Michigan Avenue.

EDIBLE ARRANGEMENTS OF CHICAGO-HYDE PARK - 02016-5756

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1465 East Hyde Park Boulevard.

INDIGO DIGITAL PRINTING, LLC - 02016-5757

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 900 South Wabash Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(5)

(5)

(5)

LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02016-5720

To construct, maintain and use eight (8) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1452-1466 East 53rd Street.

LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02016-5758

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1452-1466 East 53rd Street.

MARSHALLS #1317 - 02016-5759

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5102 South Lake Park Avenue.

REGUS CORPORATION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6164

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1525 East Hyde Park Boulevard.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #282 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016?6165

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 555 South Dearborn Street.

TARGET STORE T-3219 - 02016-5761

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1330 East 53rd Street.

THE STANDARD CLUB - 02016-5760

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 320 South Plymouth Court.

TRADER #701 - 02016-5721

To construct, maintain and use ten (10) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1147 South Wabash Avenue.

TRADER #701 - 02016-5762

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1147 South Wabash Avenue.

- (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6182

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1321 East 57th Street.

MEDICI BAKERY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6167

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1331 East 57th Street.

NOODLES ETC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6166

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1333 East 57th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(7)

(8)

(10)

(10)

(10)

(10)

SHOE TREND - 02016-5764

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2000 East 71st Street.

STAMP LAYS EXECUTIVE SALON - 02016-5722

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1371 East 53rd Street.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6185

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5730 South Drexel Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6183

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5730 South Drexel Avenue.

MARKET CAFE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6168

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1323 East 57th Street.

STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02016-5767

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 515 East 79th Street.

THE QUARRY EVENT CENTER - 02016-5769

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2423 East 75th Street.

CUBESMART #873 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6186

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8312 South South Chicago Avenue.

CAPRI PIZZA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6188

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 8820-8824 South Commercial Avenue.

CLARK STREET REAL ESTATE - 02016-5771

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) conduit under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 9514 South Torrence Avenue.

CLARK STREET REAL ESTATE - 02016-5772

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) irrigation system under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 9514 South Torrence Avenue.

CLARK STREET REAL ESTATE - 02016-5774

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) storm sewer under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 9514 South Torrence Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(10)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(12)

(12)

(13)

(14)

(14)

(15)

(17)

(17)

PRONTO STAFFING SERVICES, INC. - 02016-5724

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 10526 South Ewing Avenue.

DIM DIM BAKERY - 02016-5725

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2822 South Wentworth Avenue.

LIBERTY TAX SERVICE - 02016-5776

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 718 West 31st Street.

MATTRESS FIRM - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6184

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 605 West Roosevelt Road.

EL DRAGON - 02016-5727

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3331 West 26th Street.

PIZZA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6189

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2806 West 40th Place.

DRY CLEANERS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6187

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4412 West 59th Street.

ROSAS TAMALES - 02016-5729

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3314 West 55th Street.

ROSAS TAMALES - 02016-5777

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3314 West 55th Street.

LA CECINA RESTAURANT - 02016-5778

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1934 West 47th Street.

PANGEA PROPERTIES - 02016-5730

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1735 West 79th Street.

SUBWAY - 02016-5779

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 51 West 79th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(18)

(13)

(18)

(19)

(21)

(21)

(22)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(25)

(25)

PAISANO MUFFLERS AND AUTO SERVICE, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02016-6192

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 8601 South Cicero Avenue.

TIPS AND WINGS - 02016-5781

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5217 West 79th Street.

QUALITY HOME CARE SERVICES, LTD. - 02016-5782

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3510 West 79th Street.

PARK PET SHOP, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6194

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10429 South Kedzie Avenue.

MARATHON GAS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6196

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8100 South Ashland Avenue.

STAR BRIGHT CAR WASH - 02016-5731

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 8945 South Ashland Avenue.

BOTANICA LA GUADALUPANA - 02016-5732

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3842 West 26th Street.

MIDWAY AUTO SERVICE, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6197

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3643-3655 West 63rd Street.

PIZZA HUT #317248 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6198

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5109 South Pulaski Road.

CHICKEN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6199

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4410 West 63rd Street.

1035 WEST VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - 02016-5788

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) bicycle racks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

1843 SOUTH RACINE ACQUISITION - 02016-5791

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security fence on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1843 South Racine Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

1843 SOUTH RACINE ACQUISITION - 02016-5793

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1843 South Racine Avenue.

ASSOCIATED BANK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6171

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1647 West 18th Street.

BUTTERFLY SUSHI BAR AND THAI CUISINE ON MADISON STREET - (DIRECT
INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6200

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1131 West Madison Street.

CHINA DRAGON 18TH STREET - 02016-5734

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1737 West 18th Street.

GROUNDSWELL COFFEE ROASTERS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6190

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1168 West Madison Street.

JASLIN HOTEL, LLC - 02016-5784

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 261 West Cermak Road.

LA BAGUETTE BAKERY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6201

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2109 South Ashland Avenue.

LA BAGUETTE BAKERY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6202

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2109 South Ashland Avenue.

PIZZUTI BP, LLC - 02016-5786

To construct, install, maintain and use eight (8) caissons under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1061 West Van Buren Street.

PUBLIC STORAGE - 02016-5735

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awnings projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 947 West Van Buren Street.

WARM BELLY BAKERY, LLC - 02016-5737

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1148 West Monroe Street.

BLACK BEETLE BAR GRILL - 02016-5797

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2532 West Chicago Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(26)

(26)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

GIANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6191

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3209 West Armitage Avenue.

OMNI HEALTHCARE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6205

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2720 West Division Street.

THE CONTINENTAL LOUNGE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6203

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2801 West Chicago Avenue.

832 W. FULTON, LLC - 02016-5831

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) grease separator under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 832 West Fulton Market.

832 WEST FULTON, LLC - 02016-5833

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 832 West Fulton Market.

ABOVE AND BEYOND FAMILY RECOVERY CENTER - 02016-5794

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2942 West Lake Street.

AFFITO DOMUN VENDITA HOLDINGS, LLC - 02016-5799

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 853 North Larrabee Street.

BLACKHAWK COMMUNITY ICE RINK, LLC - 02016-5801

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter railings on the public right-of-way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1801 West Jackson
Boulevard.

BOELTER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6175

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1071 West Division Street.

BOELTER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6176

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1071 West Division Street.

BYLINE BANK - 02016-5743

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1561 North Wells Street.

BYLINE BANK - 02016-5802

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1561 North Wells Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUEIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

CHICAGO TEACHERS UNION FOUNDATION, INC. - 02016-5804

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1901 West Carroll Avenue.

DUCK DUCK GOAT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6207

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 857 West Fulton Market.

FIREPLACE INN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6208

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1448 North Wells Street.

HAYMARKET PUB BREWERY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6193

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 737-741 West Randolph Street.

HELLO DE CERO - 02016-5805

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 816 West Randolph Street.

HUBBARD STREET LOFTS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02016-5810

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1050 West Hubbard Street.

INDIRA SPA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6195

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1513 North Wells Street.

MACELLO RISTORANTE - 02016-5819

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for parking on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1235-1239 West Lake Street.

MART ANTHONY - 02016-5821

To maintain and use one (1) sign projecting over the public right?of?way attached to its
premises known as 1200 West Hubbard Street.

METRIC COFFEE CO. - 02016-5822

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2021 West Fulton Street.

MUSIC GARAGE CHICAGO, LLC - 02016-5825

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (parking) on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 345-347 North Loomis Street.

RESTAURANT - 02016-5826

To maintain and use one (1) sign projecting over the public right?of?way attached to its
premises known as 1401 North Wells Street.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(23)

(28)

(23)

(23)

PEREZ MEXICAN FOOD - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6209

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 853 West Randolph Street.

RHONA HOFFMAN GALLERY - 02016-5827

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 118 North Peoria Street.

SANCTUARY OF FAITH CHURCH OF GOD IN CHRIST - 02016-5745

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3612 West Chicago Avenue.

STERLING BAYS - 02016-5828

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 114 South Racine Avenue.

T-MOBILE CENTRAL, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6210

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 120 South Halsted Street.

TOPO GIGIO RISTORANTE - 02016-5829

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1516 North Wells Street.

TWO - 02016-5747

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1132-1138 West Grand Avenue.

TWO - 02016-5830

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1132-1138 West Grand Avenue.

BOARD OF TRUSTEES UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS - 02016-5836

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) pipes under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1200 West Roosevelt Road.

BOMBON CAKE GALLERY AND DESIGN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6178

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 138 South Ashland Avenue.

CINESPACE CHICAGO - 02016-5838

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bridge projecting over the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2602 West 16th Street.

OGDEN NORTH, LLC - 02016-5840

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2642?2648 West 12th Place.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUELIC WAY:

WARD
(28)

(28)

(23)

(29)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(31)

(31)

(32)

(32)

(32)

OGDEN NORTH, LLC - 02016-5841

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2652 West 12th Place.

ROSEBUD CAFE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6211

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1500 West Taylor Street.

THREE ACES RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6212

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1321-1327 West Taylor Street.

CAFE #10 - 02016-5842

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2625 North Harlem Avenue.

STATE FARM INSURANCE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6213

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2643 North Harlem Avenue.

CRAWFORDS - 02016-5843

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) exhaust ducts projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3938-3942 West School Street.

FOREMOST LIQUORS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6214

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6107?61 11 West Diversey Avenue.

METROPCS - 02016-5845

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2820 North Cicero Avenue.

STEREO NIGHT CLUB - 02016-5846

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5616 West Diversey Avenue.

BILLY SUNDAY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6173

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3143 West Logan Boulevard.

COMCAST OF CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6215

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3128 North Ashland Avenue.

PROPERTIES, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6216

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3062 North Lincoln Avenue.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

FLO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6204

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2901 North Ashland Avenue.

GOLDMARC PLAZA TWO, INC. - 02016-5849

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3057 North Ashland Avenue.

HERITAGE BICYCLES GENERAL STORE - 02016-5851

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2959 North Lincoln Avenue.

- BUCKTOWN - 02016-5860

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1611 North Hermitage Avenue.

MASA AZUL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6206

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2901 West Diversey Avenue.

MATTRESS FIRM - 02016-5751

To construct, maintain and use eight (8) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3169 North Lincoln Avenue.

ORANGE ON ROSCOE - 02016-5863

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2011 West Roscoe Street.

PROPERTY CONSULTANTS REALTY, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6217

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2200 North Damen Avenue.

SAFEGUARD SELF STORAGE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6218

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2751 North Clybourn Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2514 - 02016-5865

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3045 North Greenview Avenue.

THEATRE WIT NFP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6219

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1229 West Belmont Avenue.

WINDY CITY ORTHODONTICS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6220

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2921 North Lincoln Avenue.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(35)

(38)

(33)

(39)

(39)

YESCO CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6221

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2311 West Belmont Avenue.

BEOGRAD CAFE AND RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6174

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2933-2939 West Irving Park Road.

CARNICERIA GUANAJUATO #3 - 02016-5753

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3132 North California Avenue.

DIGITAL GREENSIGNS, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6222

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3358 West Irving Park Road.

KIMBALL-LAWRENCE CURRENCY EXCHANGE, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02016-6262

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3421 West Lawrence Avenue.

LD PHO - 02016-5763

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4722 North Kedzie Avenue.

TANIA Y. RAMIREZ - 02016-5867

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3223 West Lawrence Avenue.

ADMIRAL THEATRE - 02016-5868

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3940 West Lawrence Avenue.

MAMA LUNA ON ADDISON, LLC - 02016-5870

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7601 West Addison Street.

MAMA LUNA ON ADDISON, LLC - 02016-5872

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter railings on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 7601 West Addison Street.

- 02016-5874

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6213 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MOSAICOS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6263

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4958 North Pulaski Road.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

5254 N. CLARK, LLC - 02016-5888
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5252 North Clark Street.

BYLINE BANK - 02016-5876

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5241 North Western Avenue.

DOLLAR GENERAL STORE #12422 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6223

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5627 North Lincoln Avenue.

FADE SALON - 02016-5765

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2635-2637 West Peterson Avenue.

FADE SALON - 02016-5879

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2635-2637 West Peterson.

HAPPY HOME HEALTH CARE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6264

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5810 North Lincoln Avenue.

PICCOLO - 02016-5766

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2610-2612 West Peterson Avenue.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-5882

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (cell antenna system)
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5875 North
Lincoln Avenue.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-5884

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (cell antenna system)
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2019 West
Rascher Avenue.

VERIZON WIRELESS - 02016-5886

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space (cell antenna system)
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4900 North
Western Avenue.

WALGREENS #13798 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6224

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5440 North Clark Street.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

XANNA SALON SPA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6225

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6650 North Northwest Highway.

227 MONROE STREET, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6240

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 227 West Monroe Street.

227 MONROE STREET, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6241

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 222 West Adams Street.

311 SOUTH WACKER BUILDING, LLC - 02016-5770

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 311 South Wacker Drive.

311 SOUTH WACKER BUILDING, LLC - 02016-5921

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 311 South Wacker Drive.

326 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE ASSOCIATES, LLC - 02016-5923

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) staircase under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 326 North Michigan Avenue.

73 EAST LAKE STREET - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6239

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 73 East Lake Street.

BOSS BAR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6179

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 420 North Clark Street.

DOWNTOWN DOGS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6227

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 804 North Rush Street.

DUNKIN DONUTS BASKIN ROBBINS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-
6226

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 200 East Ohio Street.

EATALY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6228

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 43 East Ohio Street.

FANNIE MAY CANDIES - 02016-5768

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 117 North Wabash Avenue.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

FOURTH PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02016-6229

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 126 East Chestnut Street.

HARRY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6265

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 33 West Kinzie Street.

HILTON GARDEN INN CHICAGO MILE - (DIRECT
INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6266

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10 East Grand Avenue.

HILTON GARDEN INN CHICAGO MILE - (DIRECT
INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6267

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 10 East Grand Avenue.

INTERCONTINENTAL HOTEL CHICAGO - 02016-5895

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 505 North Michigan Avenue.

K2 CHICAGO, LLC - 02016-5898

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 365 North Halsted Street.

K2 CHICAGO, LLC - 02016-5901

To maintain and use, as now constructed, sixteen (16) tree grates on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 365 North Halsted Street.

MACERICH MANAGEMENT - 02016-5904

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) kiosks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 520 North Michigan Avenue.

MCCORMICK SEAFOOD RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02016-6230

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 41 East Chestnut Street.

NAILTASTIC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6268

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 400 North Orleans Street.

OLIVE MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6269

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 28 East Adams Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

PARK HYATT WATER TOWER ASSOCIATES - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-
6270

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 800 North Michigan Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02016-5906

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 200 South Michigan Avenue.

RIVER NORTH CAR WASH, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6231

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 356 West Superior Street.

SHERATON CHICAGO HOTEL TOWER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6232

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 301 East North Water Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #8972 - 02016-5910

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 42 East Chicago Avenue.

STREETERS TAVERN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6233

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 50 East Chicago Avenue.

SUBWAY #51581 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6234

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 29 West Lake Street.

TAVERN ON RUSH - 02016-5911

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1031 North Rush Street.

THE BUCKINGHAM, LLC - 02016-5892

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sidewalk vault under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 59-67 East Van Buren Street.

THE SHAMROCK CLUB - 02016-5908

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 210 West Kinzie Street.

TRUE FOOD KITCHEN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6235

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 9 West Erie Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

UNIVERSITY CLUB PROFESSIONAL BUILDING, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02016-6236

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 30 South Michigan Avenue.

WEBER GRILL RESTAURANT - 02016-5913

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 539 North State Street.

WEWORK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6237

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 332 South Michigan Avenue.

WILDBERRY PANCAKES CAFE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6238

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 130 East Randolph Street.

ATHLETIC CLUB OF CHICAGO - 02016-5916

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 114 East Ontario Street.

ZELLER 401 PROPERTY, LLC - 02016-5918

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 401 North Michigan Avenue.

ATHENIAN ROOM - 02016-5925

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 807 West Webster Avenue.

BROTHERS BEEF - 02016-5773

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 723 West Armitage Avenue.

BURNT CITY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6181

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2743 North Lincoln Avenue.

FIESTA MEXICANA RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6242

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2423 North Lincoln Avenue.

JAM HONEY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6271

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 958 West Webster Avenue.

L.I. PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS, LLC - 02016-5927

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 701 West Armitage Avenue.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

MONICA ANDY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6272

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2038 North Halsted Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6243

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2264 North Lincoln Avenue.

RIVER SHANNON (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6244

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 425 West Armitage Avenue.

TITLE NINE SPORTS (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6245

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1024 West Armitage Avenue.

TRENDY NAILS, LLC - 02016-5775

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2735 North Lincoln Avenue.

UNDERTHINGS - 02016-5928

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 804 West Webster Avenue.

CASSAVA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6246

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3338 North Clark Street.

PIZZA - 02016-5934

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1351 West Addison Street.

EAST LAKEVIEW FOOD LIQUOR - 02016-5935

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3814 North Clark Street.

PONGS AUTO CARE - 02016-5936

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3848 North Clark Street.

SCHOOLYARD TAVERN 8: GRILL - 02016-5937

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) park benches on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 3258 North Southport Avenue.

TARGET STORE T-3208 - 02016-5938

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3200 North Clark Street.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEQEIN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(45)

THE BRAZILIAN BOWL - 02016-5931

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3204 North Broadway.

THE LAX SHOP, INC. - 02016-5780

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1216 West Belmont Avenue.

BAR GRILL- 02016-5940

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3857 North Southport Avenue.

4019-4027 W. IRVING PARK ROAD, LLC - 02016-5783

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4019-4027 West Irving Park Road.

CHICAGO CAR CORNER - 02016-5943

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5474-5486 North Elston Avenue.

CHICAGO COSTUME - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6249

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4727 West Montrose Avenue.

PIZZA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6247

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4520 West Irving Park Road.

CITY SMILES - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6248

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3800 North Pulaski Road.

BROOK ELECTRICAL SUPPLY CO. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6180

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3659 North Halsted Street.

CVS PHARMACY #17437 - 02016-5946

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4466 North Broadway.

COFFEE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6250

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 935-937 West Wilson Avenue.

BLOCK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6273

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3959 North Broadway.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(46)

(46)

(43)

(45)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

LAKEVIEW PANTRY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6274

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3945 North Sheridan Road.

SMOKE DREAMS - 02016-5948

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4560 North Broadway.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2335 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6251

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3845 North Broadway.

TATTOO FACTORY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6252

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4441 North Broadway.

4618 N. WESTERN, LLC - 02016-5970

To construct, install, maintain, and use eleven (11) caissons under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2407 West Eastwood Avenue.

AFFILIATED RESOURCES, INC. - 02016-5953

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3839 North Western Avenue.

ALDI INC. #58 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6169

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2431 West Montrose Avenue.

ASIAN GRILL SUSHI BAR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6170

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1804-1806 West Irving Park Road.

PIZZERIA - 02016-5956

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4159 North Western Avenue.

BAMBU DESSERTS AND DRINKS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6172

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5010 North Broadway.

CAFE SELMARIE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6253

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4729 North Lincoln Avenue.

DIGITS NAIL SPA, P.C. - 02016-5785

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1824 West Montrose Avenue.

22

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

DREAM GIRL FASHION, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6254

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4530 North Clark Street.

99 ILLINOIS, LLC - 02016-5959

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) poles projecting over the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1401 West Irving Park Road.

GUARANTEED RATE, INC. - 02016-5787

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3940 North Ravenswood Avenue.

- (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6275

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3855 North Lincoln Avenue.

MONTROSE RAVENSWOOD CURR. EXCH. - 02016-5962

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1808 West Montrose Avenue.

NEON HONORAMA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6276

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3722 North Ashland Avenue.

SALON 44 SPA - 02016-5789

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4452 North Western Avenue.

SALON 44 SPA - 02016-5963

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4452 North Western Avenue.

SIR SPA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6255

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5151 North Clark Street.

SPACCANAPOLI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6256

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1769 West Sunnyside Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2378 - 02016-5965

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4553-4557 North Lincoln Avenue.

THE BOOK CELLAR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6177

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4736-4738 North Lincoln Avenue.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(47) TIGERS BODY SHOP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6257

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3604 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) CASSONA 1509, INC. - 02016-5790

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5241 North Clark Street.

(43) HELEN BEAUTY SALON - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6277

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4925 North Broadway.

(48) METROPCS AUTHORIZED DEALER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6278

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5056 North Sheridan Road.

(48) PIZZA BAKEHOUSE - 02016-5974

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1100 West Granville Avenue.

(48) SUN WAH BAR-B-Q, INC. co. - 02016-5792

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5041 North Broadway.

(49) CAFFE ARRIVADOLCE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6258

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6451 North Sheridan Road.

(49) DINER-ROGERS PARK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6259

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6431 North Sheridan Road.

(49) DINER-ROGERS PARK - 02016-5978

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6431 North Sheridan Road.

(49) GRILL INN - 02016-5795

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1422 West Morse Avenue.

(49) HAMPTON INN STATION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-
6279

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1209 West Albion Avenue.

(49) TACO BELL - 02016-5796

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6460 North Sheridan Road.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(49)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

TASTY SUB - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6307

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2001 West Howard Street.

DOLLAR STATION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6260

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2900 West Devon Avenue.

FRESH FARMS INTERNATIONAL - 02016-5798

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2626 West Devon Avenue.

KING SWEETS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6280

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2308 West Devon Avenue.

WHEELS OF CHICAGO, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6261

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6229 North Western Avenue.

25

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(2)

(4)

(4)

(13)

(15)

(27)

(42)

CANOPIES

1714 W. DIVISION, LLC - 02016-5844
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1714 West Division Street.

1320 N. STATE PARKWAY APARTMENTS, INC. - 02016-5847
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1320 North State Parkway.

LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02016-5848
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1452-1466 East 53rd Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02016-5850
To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 50 East Roosevelt Road.

CENTRAL CHAPEL FUNERAL CREMATION - 02016-5852
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 6158 South Central Avenue.

THE ZEMSKY CORP. - 02016-5859
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 4181 South Archer Avenue.

AFFITO DOMUN VENDITA HOLDINGS, LLC - 02016-5855
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 853 North Larrabee Street.

SEAFOOD, PRIME STEAK - 02016-5857
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 60 East Grand Avenue.

26

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(27)

(23)

(35)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

CALDERO INCORPORATED - 02016-5800

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1420 North Western Avenue.

HOMETEAM PIZZA, INC. - 02016-5803

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1363 West Ohio Street.

BLUE AGAVE - 02016-5806

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1050 North State Street.

SEOUL TACO - 02016-5807

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 738 North Clark Street.

ACADIA RESTAURANT - 02016-5808

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1639 South Wabash Avenue.

SOME LIKE IT BLACK CREATIVE ARTS BAR, INC. - 02016-5809

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4259 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

UMAMI BURGER - 02016-5811

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 945 West Randolph Street.

PEPPERINO PIZZERIA - 02016-5812

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1501 West Madison Street.

RED STAR LIQUORS - 02016-5814

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2725-2727 North Milwaukee Avenue.

BEACON TAVERN - 02016-5815

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 405 North Wabash Avenue.

BLUE AGAVE TEQUILA BAR RESTAURANT - 02016-5816

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 579 West Kinzie Street.

EZCALI NA - 02016-5817

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 333 East Benton Place.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GEANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:


WARD

(42) MISOYA CHICAGO, INC. - 02016-5818

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 213 East Ohio Street.

(42) NAF NAF GRILL - 02016-5820

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 14 South Clinton Street.

(42) REPUBLIC OF GOOD FOOD - 02016-5823

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 33 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) ROANOKE - 02016-5824

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 11 South LaSalle Street.

(43) PROST - 02016-5832

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2566-2568 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) - 02016-5834

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1935 North Sedgwick Street.

(44) CODA DI VOLPE - 02016-5837

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3335 North Southport Avenue.

(44) NEW TOKYO - 02016-5839

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3139 North Broadway.

(44) THE BRAZILIAN BOWL - 02016-5835

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3204 North Broadway.

28

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(11)

(11)

(12)

(13)

(16)

MILWAUKEE 8: DIVISION, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5854

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Milwaukee Division, LLC on April 2, 2014, and printed upon page 77742 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Milwaukee Division,
and inserting in its place the words, "1258 North Milwaukee Condominium
Association."

MILWAUKEE DIVISION, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5858

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Milwaukee Division, LLC on April 2, 2014, and printed upon page 77870 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, ?Milwaukee Division,
and inserting in its place the words, "1258 North Milwaukee Condominium
Association."

VARIABLE PROPERTIES, LLC-SERIES 1938 - 02016-5690

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
VARIABLE PROPERTIES, LLC-SERIES 1938 from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1938
North Francisco Avenue.

(LOLLY) BIERNACKI - 02016-5626

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 1444 West Fuller Street as, "Lorraine (Lolly)
. Biernacki Way."

LEXINGTON HOMES - 02016-5697

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LEXINGTON HOMES from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3613, 3615, 3625 South
Morgan Street.

METRO PCS AUTHORIZED DEALER - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5713

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Metro PCS Authorized Dealer on March 16, 2016, and printed upon page 20164 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "two (2) signs;
sum of six hundred ($600.00) per annum" and inserting in their place the words, ?one
sign; sum of three hundred ($300.00) per annum."

NIGHT FORCE WAYII - 02016-5705

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 6200 block of South Merrimac Avenue as,
"Clearing Night Force Way.?

NRN KEDZIE, LLC - 02016-5700

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt NRN
Kedzie, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6009 South Kedzie Avenue.

29

MISC EOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(19)

(19)

(23)

(23)

(25)

(27)

(23)

(31)

BEVERLY BANK 8: TRUST - 02016-5710

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BEVERLY BANK 8. TRUST from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 10221 South
Western Avenue.

DIGGITY DOGS, INC. - 02016-5711

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
DIGGITY DOGS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 11055 South Pulaski
Avenue.

NICHOLAS OF TOLENTINE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6281

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate South Lawndale Avenue at West 62nd Street
(Southwest corner) and at West 62nd Place (Northwest corner) as, "St. Nicholas of
Tolentine Way."

UFLACKER ACADEMY (SOUTH CHICAGO REALTY) - 02016-5708

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
UFLACKER ACADEMY (SOUTH CHICAGO REALTY) from the provisions requiring
barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities
located at 6384-6390 South Archer Avenue.

CHURRO FACTORY, INC. - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5856

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Churro Factory, Inc. on June 22, 2016, and printed upon page 27034 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding days
and hours of operation, compensation, and seating capacity.

MONTESSORI ACADEMY - 02016-5694

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MONTESSORI ACADEMY from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1335 West
Randolph Street.

GLPE II, LLC - 02016-5699

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
GLPE ll, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 33 South Ashland Avenue.

ACME CYCLE CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6305

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ACME CYCLE CHICAGO from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5035 West Belmont
Avenue.

30

 ITEMS:

WARD
(31)

(40)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

HIRAM MANUEL AUTO SERVICES - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02016-6306

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
HIRAM MANUEL AUTO SERVICES from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3416
North Cicero Avenue.

CREATIVE KIDZ LEARNING CENTER, INC. - 02016-5704
An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CREATIVE KIDZ LEARNING CENTER, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
5776-5778 North Lincoln Avenue.

GREGORY J. KASPER - 02016-5629
An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the

actions necessary to honorarily designate the 7500 block of North Oketo Avenue as,
Gregory J. Kasper Way."

BCSP OND PROPERTY, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5853

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
BCSP OND Property, LLC on June 22, 2016, and printed upon page 26993 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions.

MADISON LASALLE PARTNERS, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5862
An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Madison LaSalle Partners, LLC on May 28, 2014, and printed upon page 82029 of the

C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Madison LaSalIe
Partners, and inserting in its place the words, "10 South LaSalle Owner, 

MADISON LASALLE PARTNERS, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5864

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Madison LaSalle Partners, LLC on June 25, 2014, and printed upon page 83876 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Madison 
Partners, and inserting in its place the words, "10 South LaSalle Owner, 

MADISON LASALLE PARTNERS, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5866

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Madison LaSalIe Partners, LLC on October 8, 2014, and printed upon page 92639 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Madison LaSaIle
Partners, and inserting in their place the words, "10 South LaSaIle Owner, 

IAKOVOS - 02016-5625

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the northeast corner of East Burton Place and
North Astor Street (facing north/south and pointing east) as, "Metropolitan Iakovos Way."

31

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

FRANCHISE REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST IL DIBIA - 02016-5709

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
FRANCHISE REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST from the
provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to
the parking facilities located at 2635 North Clark Street.

HOTEL LINCOLN PARK OWNER, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5861

An ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Hotel Lincoln Park,
LLC on October 3, 2012, and printed upon page 35744 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Hotel Lincoln Park Owner, and
inserting it its place the words, "Hotel Lincoln."

HOTEL LINCOLN PARK OWNER, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5869

An ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Hotel Lincoln Park,
LLC on April 2, 2014, and printed upon page 77719 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words, "Hotel Lincoln Park Owner, and inserting in
its place the words, "Hotel Lincoln."

HOTEL LINCOLN PARK OWNER, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02016-5880

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Hotel Lincoln Park Owner, LLC on October 3, 2012, and printed upon page 35528 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Hotel Lincoln
Park Owner, and inserting in its place the words, "Hotel Lincoln."

2941 N. CLARK, LLC - 02016-5695

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2941
N. CLARK, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2941 North Clark Street.

707 W. BUCKINGHAM, LLC - 02016-5702

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 707
W. BUCKINGHAM, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 707 West
Buckingham Place.

CLARKVIEW, 2144 POTOMAC PARTNERS, LLC, TKG CLARK HOLDINGS, LLC -
02016-5696

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CLARKVIEW, 2144 POTOMAC PARTNERS, LLC, TKG CLARK HOLDINGS, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 3226-3228 North Clark Street.

32

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(44)

(47)

(49)

(49)

(49)

(49)

MR CLARK 3473 OPERATING, LLC AND JEM WRIGLEY VENTURE, LLC - 02016-5701

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt MR
CLARK 3473 OPERATING, LLC AND JEM WRIGLEY VENTURE, LLC from the
provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to
the parking facilities located at 3469-3475 North Clark Street.

2200 W. LAWRENCE, LLC - 02016-5692

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2200
W. LAWRENCE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2208 West Lawrence
Avenue.

1529-37 W. FARWELL CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION, CIO WESLEY REALTY -
02016-6081
An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
1529-37 W. FARWELL CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION, WESLEY REALTY from
the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress
to the parking facilities located at 1529-1537 West Farwell Avenue.

NATIONAL AUTO GROUP, INC. - 02016-5715

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
NATIONAL AUTO GROUP, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1760 West Lunt
Avenue.

ROBERT SOUDAN - 02016-5717

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ROBERT SOUDAN from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1832 West Juneway
Terrace.

THANG DINH - 02016-6080

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
THANG from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1234 West Devon Avenue.

33

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

WARD

(24) REVOCATION OF DRIVEWAY PERMIT NO. 09-110909 - 0R2016-412

An order directing the Commissioner of the Department of Transportation to revoke
driveway permit number 09-110909 granted to the property located at 3914 West 16th
Street and 3916 West 16th Street.

34

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS. DEDICATIONS, OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS OF
STREETS AND 

WARD
(4)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(36)

(44)

(50)

SHOPS AND LOFTS RESUBDIVISION FOR LOFTS 47 PH1 L.P. - 02016?5622

A proposed vertical subdivision of certain lots in the block bounded by East 47th Street,
East 48th Street, South Evans Avenue and South Cottage Grove Avenue.

1100 W. GRAND, LLC - 02016-3976

A proposed vacation of public streets at 501-511 North Aberdeen Street and 500-516
North Aberdeen Street.

CATHOLIC BISHOP OF CHICAGO (FOR ST. JOHN CANTIUS) - 02016-1698

A proposed vacation of the L-shaped, dead-ended alley in the block bounded by West
Fry Street, North Carpenter Street, West Chicago Avenue and North Sangamon Street.

ELA ASSOCIATES, PROPERTY, 1230 W. 8: CTLT 25948 - 02016-
4882

A proposed vacation of all of the remaining 16 foot wide east-west public alley in the
block bounded by West Carroll Avenue, West Fulton Street, North Racine Avenue and
North Elizabeth Street.

IGLESIA EVANGELICA EMANUEL - 02016-2645

Vacation of public alleys in the area bounded by North Lawler Avenue, West Dickens
Avenue, North Lavergne Avenue and West Armitage Avenue.

FLETCH DEVELOPMENT - 02016-5616

A proposed vacation of a 1 foot strip of West School Street between North Racine
Avenue and North Clifton Avenue.

CHICAGO TITLE LAND TRUSTS ASSOCIATES, LP - 02016-5619

A proposed vacation of the easternmost East-West alley in the block bounded by North
Lincoln Avenue, North Albany Avenue, North Troy Street and West Hood Avenue.

35

COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY September 8, 2016

A 
WARD

(27) 1100 W. GRAND, LLC 02016-3976

A proposed vacation of public streets at 501?511 North Aberdeen
Street and 500?516 North Aberdeen Street.

