Amended

SUMMARY 01'" 
COMMITTEE ON AND PUBLIC WAY

Committee Meeting held on

December 8, 2015

TO THE CITY COUNCIL December 9, 2015

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVIEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

1650-1654 W. DIVISION, LLC - 02015-8111

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planter railings on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1664 West Division Street.

PUB GRUB - 02015-8108

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1365 North Milwaukee Avenue.

NEIGHBORSPACE - 02015-8109

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) lawn hydrant on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1255 North Hermitage Avenue.

WHISKEY BUSINESS - 02015-8110

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1367 North Milwaukee Avenue.

AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION - 02015-8117

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 211 East Chicago Avenue.

CHICAGO TITLE LAND TRUST AS SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE UNDER TRUST NO. 34369
- 02015-8120

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1200 North State Parkway.

CORNERSTORE CLEANERS, INC. - 02015-8332

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 451 West North Avenue.

DRYBAR HOLDINGS, LLC - 02015-8334

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 755 North Wells Street.

ENTERPRISE RENT A CAR - 02015-8123

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 523 West North Avenue.

FOREVER 21 - 02015-8124

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 865 West North Avenue.

LIFE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SERVICES - 02015-8125

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1840 North Clybourn Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(2) SPARROW - 02015-8336

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 12 West Elm Street.

(3) THE CHICAGO FIREHOUSE RESTAURANT - 02015-8127

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) door swings on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1401 South Michigan Avenue.

(4) CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02015-8131

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1 East Jackson Boulevard.

(4) JOHN MARSHALL SCHOOL - 02015-8140

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 304 South State Street.

(4) PETERSON LOFTS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-8144

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 523 South Plymouth Court.

(5) SHARKS FISH CHICKEN - 02015-8147

To maintain and use four (4) Signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1734 East 71st Street.

(8) BOOST MOBILE - 02015-8149

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8643 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(10) FAMILY RESTAURANT, INC. - 02015-8154

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10401 South Torrence Avenue.

(10) M. JOHNSON INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - 02015-8338

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3659 East 106th Street.

(11) SOUTH CHICAGO PACKING co. - 02015-8158

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) manholes under the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 945 West 38th Street.

(13) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #10874 - 02015-8341

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6540 South Pulaski Road.

(14) FOREVER DENTAL - 02015-8162

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4450 South Archer Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE WAY:

WARD

(15) CONTINENTAL LIQUORS - 02015-8344

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1628-1630 West 47th Street.

(15) METROPCS AUTHORIZED DEALER - 02015-8164

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2059 West 47th Street.

(17) LOMAS RESTAURANT - 02015-8345

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3141 West 63rd Street.

(17) MEYER INDUSTRIAL CONTAINER - 02015-8167

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 610 West 81st Street.

(19) 10626-30 3. WESTERN, LLC - 02015-8171

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 10626 South Western Avenue.

(19) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE - 02015-8346

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 11810 South Western Avenue.

(19) RUNNING EXCELS - 02015-8348

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 10328 South Western Avenue.

(19) SHRI KRISHNA, INC. - 02015-8169

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10401 South Western Avenue.

(20) FAIR DISCOUNT, INC. - 02015-8172

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 801 East 63rd Street.

(21) BEST THOMPSON, INC. - 02015-8353

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1352 West 99th Street.

(23) ACTIVO - 02015-8173

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6018-6020 South Pulaski Road.

(23) CARNICERIA LA HACIENDA NO. 2, INC. - 02015-8175

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3629 West 63rd Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(27)

(27)

1035 W. VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8189

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) conduits under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

1035 W. VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8192

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) flood control under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

1035 W. VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8193

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) irrigation system under the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

1035 W. VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8194

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

1035 W. VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8195

To construct, install, maintain and use eight (8) tree grates on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

CAT AND MOUSE GAME STORE, INC. - 02015-8178

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1112 West Madison Street.

CHAU ASSOCIATES - 02015-8180

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 221 West Cermak Road.

CHINA CAFE - 02015-8181

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2300 South Wentworth Avenue.

FRANK COSTA 11 - 02015-8184

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 725 South Wells Street.

PIZZA - 02015-8186

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1401 West 18th Street.

CALUMET PHOTOGRAPHIC - 02015-8128

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 819 West Eastman Street.

CHICAGO THEATRE - 02015-8130

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) door swings on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 100 South Racine Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBQC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(28)

(23)

(29)

(29)

FIFIELD REALTY PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8134

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) valve basins under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 347 West Chestnut Street.

FIFIELD REALTY PARTNERS, LLC - 02015-8141

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) water line (pipe) under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 347 West Chestnut Street.

HARPO STUDIOS, INC. - 02015-8143

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 110 North Carpenter Street.

HARPO STUDIOS, INC. - 02015-8148

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 110 North Carpenter Street.

- 02015-8150

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1111-1113 West Lake Street.

JORDAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. - 02015-8153

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3689-3691 West Grand Avenue.

POMP 8: CIRCUMSTANCE - 02015-8157

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1400 North Wells Street.

RED KIVA - 02015-8159

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1108 West Randolph Street.

ALLIANCE PAPER FOODSERVICE EQUIPMENT - 02015-8199

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1345 South Ashland Avenue.

GOODYEAR INTERSTATE AUTO CENTERS - 02015-8200

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1254 South Western Avenue.

AUTO INSURANCE CENTER - 02015-8202

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7142 West Belmont Avenue.

CHILDREN INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY - 02015-8355

To construct, maintain and use seven (7) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5858 West Roosevelt Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(29) BARBEQUE 2, LLC - 02015-8203

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5752-5754 West Chicago Avenue.

(30) AKARRASEL CHILD CARE CENTERS - 02015-8356

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5504 West Fullerton Avenue.

(30) NEW POLONIA CLUB, INC. - 02015-8358

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 61 O1 -6103 West Belmont Avenue.

(30) OLYMPIA CARPET - 02015-8359

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2901 North Pulaski Road.

(30) CAFE RESTAURANT - 02015-8204

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3246 North Central Avenue.

(31) SUBWAY - 02015-8206

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5150 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) CENTURY PLATING - 02015-8207

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2939 North Oakley Avenue.

(32) WELLS FARGO HOME MORTGAGE - 02015-8209

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2157 North Damen Avenue.

(32) ZEN YOGA GARAGE, LLC - 02015-8211

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1845 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(33) MOUNSEF INTERNATIONAL - 02015-8213

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera projecting over the
public right-of?way for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4738-4748
North Kedzie Avenue.

(33) PHARMACY ONE PLUS - 02015-8215

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4753 North Kedzie Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(33)

I35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(36)

(33)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

SMALL BAR #1 - 02015-8217

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2956 North Albany Avenue.

BEAUTY SHOP - 02015-8222

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4102 West Armitage Avenue.

BEAUTY SHOP - 02015-8361

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4102 West Armitage Avenue.

DELIGHT - 02015-8363

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4112 West Armitage Avenue.

COMMUNITY FIRST HEALTHCARE OF ILLINOIS, INC. - 02015-8227

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5645 West Addison Street.

FAMILY HAIR CARE, INC. - 02015-8364

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6211 West Belmont Avenue.

ACCURATE AUTO SERVICE, INC. - 02015-8368

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5430 West Montrose Avenue.

CHICAGO FONDUE STUBE - 02015-8231

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2717 West Peterson Avenue.

EDGEWATER STORAGE, LLC - 02015-8235

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1807 West Devon Avenue.

GREENSKY - 02015-8236

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5357 North Ashland Avenue.

HOLLYWOOD SERVICES, INC. - 02015-8239

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5656 North Western Avenue.

LINCOLN AVENUE CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02015-8242

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5669 North Lincoln Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLEJ WAY:

WARD
(40)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

WINDY CITY LIQUOR - 02015-8243
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4959 North Damen Avenue.

122 PROPERTY, LLC - 02015-8312

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fire escapes projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 122 South Michigan Avenue.

330 N. WABASH AVE, LLC - 02015-8319

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 330 North Wabash Avenue.

332 PROPERTY, LLC - 02015-8322

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fire escapes projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 332 South Michigan Avenue.

401 E. ONTARIO CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02015-8326

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) decorative fences on the public right-
of?way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 401 East Ontario
Street.

405 NORTH WABASH, LLC - 02015-8327

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) concrete and metal fascia/cladding
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 405 North
Wabash Avenue.

BARBARA RUBEN RESIDENCE - 02015-8177

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 55 East Bellevue Place.

BEACON TAVERN - 02015-8179

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 405 North Wabash Avenue.

BEEF AND BRANDY RESTAURANT - 02015-8182

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 127 South State Street.

CENTER NAILS SPA - 02015-8183

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1 East Erie Street.

CHICAGO THEATRE - 02015-8187

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) marquee projecting over the public
right?of -way adjacent to its premises known as 175 North State Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBIAC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

FOOT LOCKER SPECIALTY, INC. - 02015-8196
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 213 South State Street.

FOOTACTION #57217 - 02015-8210
To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 32 South State Street.

FOOTACTION #57217 - 02015-8214

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 32 South State Street.

FOOTACTION #57217 - 02015-8219

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 32 South State Street.

FRIEDMAN PROPERTIES, LTD. - 02015-8188

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 512 North Clark Street.

LAKESHORE EAST MASTER ASSOCIATION - 02015-8198

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) architectural roof overhang projecting
over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 321 East Wacker Drive.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-8224

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known 441 East Ontario Street.

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02015-8228

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) valve basins under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 441 East Ontario Street.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02015-8233

To construct, install, maintain and use, sixteen (16) pile caps under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 303 East Superior Street.

PARKVIEW AT RIVER EAST CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-8248

To maintain and use, as now constructed, forty-three (43) balconies projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 505 North McClurg Court.

PARKVIEW AT RIVER EAST CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-8249

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) caissons under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 505 North McClurg Court.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

PARKVIEW AT RIVER EAST CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-8251

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) decorative architectural element
projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 505 North
McClurg Court.

PARKVIEW AT RIVER EAST CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-8255

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) landscapings on the public right-of?
way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 505 North McClurg
Court.

RED 7 SALON, INC. - 02015-8371

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 210 West Kinzie Street.

ROANOKE HOSPITALITY, LLC - 02015-8373

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 135 West Madison Street.

SL CIVIC WACKER, LLC - 02015-8277

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) loading dock on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 20 North Wacker Drive.

SL CIVIC WACKER, LLC - 02015-8279

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash compactor under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 20 North Wacker Drive.

SL CIVIC WACKER, LLC - 02015-8282

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 20 North Wacker Drive.

SOPRAFFINA - 02015-8285

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10 North Dearborn Street.

STONEWATER ONE NORTH STATE FUNDING, LLC - 02015-8293

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bicycle racks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1 North State Street.

STONEWATER ONE NORTH STATE FUNDING, LLC - 02015-8296

To construct, install, maintain and use, one (1) fence/occupation of space on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1 North State Street.

THE ANTI-CRUELTY SOCIETY - 02015-8176

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 157 West Grand Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(45)

(45)

THE RICHARD H. DRIEHAUS MUSEUM - 02015-8269

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 40-50 East Erie Street.

THE RICHARD H. DRIEHAUS MUSEUM - 02015-8272

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) urns on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 40-50 East Erie Street.

TRATTORIA #10 - 02015-8308

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 10 North Dearborn Street.

VILLAGE GREEN - 02015-8310

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) caissons under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 345 East Ohio Street.

CHELSEA JONES SHOES - 02015-8374

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2425 North Clark Street.

FIREFLY SALON - 02015-8376

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1227 West Diversey Parkway.

LINCOLN PARK FOOD LIQUOR - 02015-8254

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2427 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK FOOD LIQUOR - 02015-8258

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2427 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK FOOD LIQUOR - 02015-8377

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2427 North Clark Street.

NOOKIES TOO, INC. - 02015-8260

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2114 North Halsted Street.

ACCELERATED REHABILITATION CENTERS - 02015-8263

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4008 North Cicero Avenue.

EXTRA SPACE STORAGE - 02015-8265

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) facade projecting over the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 4400 West Addison Street.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

FERNANDEZ INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - (SUBSTITUTE) - 802015-8267

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5362 West Lawrence Avenue.

CHICAGO SHRIMP HOUSE, INC. - 02015-8270

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5052 West Irving Park Road.

CHICAGO SHRIMP HOUSE, INC. - 02015-8378

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5052 West Irving Park Road.

RICARDO VILLARREAL - 02015-8276

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) landscapings on the public right-of-way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5253 West Leland Avenue.

STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02015-8273

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5870 North Milwaukee Avenue.

IMPERIAL TOWERS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02015-8288

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) fences on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 4250 North Marine Drive.

THE ECUMENICAL INSTITUTE - 02015-8281

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4750 North Sheridan Road.

THE FLOWER FLAT - 02015-8284

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 620 West Addison Street.

- 02015-8330

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3210 North Lincoln Avenue.

ATHLETICO MANAGEMENT - 02015-8333

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5033 North Clark Street.

ATHLETICO MANAGEMENT - 02015-8381

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5033 North Clark Street.

CHICAGO BRAUHAUS, INC. - 02015-8337

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4732 North Lincoln Avenue.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(48)

FINLEY - 02015-8339

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3458 North Lincoln Avenue.

FINLEY - 02015-8342

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3458 North Lincoln Avenue.

FREDDIE VILLACCI, JR. INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - 02015-8384

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2241 West Irving Park Road.

RAVENSGOODS - 02015-8347

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4703 North Damen Avenue.

STANLEY BROWN JEWELIST, LTD. - (SUBSTITUTE) - 302015-8349

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4751 North Lincoln Avenue.

THE BOOKCELLAR - 02015-8335

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4736-4738 North Lincoln Avenue.

THE VICTOR BAR - 02015-8351

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4011 North Damen Avenue.

UNCLE - 02015-8350

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4724 North Lincoln Avenue.

5 STAR OPTICAL - 02015-8309

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1112 West Argyle Street.

BIG JONES - 02015-8299

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5347 North Clark Street.

CHICAGO HOUSING AUTHORITY - 02015-8295

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5040 North Kenmore Avenue.

ORANGETHEORY FITNESS - 02015-8301

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1126 West Granville Avenue.

13

 GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(48) PB MALTZ - 02015-8303

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nineteen (19) light fixtures projecting over the
public right?Of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5233-5243 North Clark Street.

(48) SPECIALTY VIDEO - 02015-8386

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5307 North Clark Street.

I43) STATE FARM INSURANCE AGENCY - 02015-8304

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5554 North Broadway.

(48) STATE FARM INSURANCE DAVID J. FREDERICKSON - 02015-8370

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6261-6263 North Clark Street.

(48) VINCENT - 02015-8306

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1475 West Balmoral Avenue.

(49) PANCAKE HOUSE - 02015-8313

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7036 North Clark Street.

(49) CLARK MANOR CONVALESCENT CENTER - (SUBSTITUTE) - S02015-8389

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 7433 North Clark Street.

(49) LEW HOUSE - 02015-8316

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right-Of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1221 West Sherwin Avenue.

(49) MORSE DRUGS - 02015-8318

TO maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1407 West Morse Avenue.

(49) ROMAN BROS 1, INC. - 02015-8390

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6978 North Clark Street.

14

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(11)

(25)

(27)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(48)

CANOPIES

CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02015-8379

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1600 North Milwaukee Avenue.
U-HAUL MOVING STORAGE OF BRONZEVILLE - 02015-8382

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2601 South LaSalle Street.
CHINA CAFE - 02015-8385

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 2300 South Wentworth Avenue.
AGENCY EA - 02015-8387

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 920 North Franklin Street.
405 NORTH WABASH, LLC - 02015-8400

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 405 North Wabash Avenue.
CAA HOTEL OWNER, LLC - 02015-8388

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 71 East Madison Street.
CHICAGO THEATRE - 02015-8394

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 175 North State Street.
JMBIURBAN 900 DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS, LTD. - 02015-8396

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 900 North Michigan Avenue.
UST PRIME 111 HOTEL OWNER, L.P. - 02015-8399

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 151 West Adams Street.
LINCOLN PARK TOWER CONDO - 02015-8401

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1960 North Lincoln Park West.
ANN SATHER RESTAURANT GRANVILLE - 02015-8402

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1147 West Granville Avenue.

15

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(3)

(4)

(4)

(25)

(29)

(30)

JOHNSON - 02015-8300

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate West Fullerton Avenue from North Western
Avenue to North Oakley Avenue as, "Earle Johnson Way".

MEV BUCKTOWN, LLC - 02015-8226

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt MEV
BUCKTOWN, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1654 North Western Avenue.

WINDY CITY REAL ESTATE - 02015-8221

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
WINDY CITY REAL ESTATE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2014-2036 South
Michigan Avenue.

QUINN KYLES - 02015-8161

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 2700 South Indiana Avenue (2721-2725A) as,
Honorary "Quinn Kyles Avenue".

SOUTHTOWN SUB - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-8114

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Southtown Sub on November 5, 2014 and printed upon page 96027 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions and compensation amounts.

FRANK WARD, SR. - 02015-8315

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 2200 block of South Laflin Street as,
"Honorary Frank Ward, Sr. Street".

HIRAM BROYLS - 02015-8329

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate Mobile Avenue, at Dickens Avenue on the
northwest corner and going west to Narragansett Avenue and Dickens Avenue as, "Dr.
Hiram Broyls Way".

OLYMPIC DODGE - 02015-8056

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
OLYMPIC DODGE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3255 North Cicero Avenue.

16

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(30)

(32)

(35)

(36)

(42)

(43)

(43)

STELLAR WIRELESS CHICAGO GROUP, INC. - 02015-8008

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
STELLAR WIRELESS CHICAGO GROUP, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers
as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
3238 North Pulaski Road.

PRIMARY INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02015-8229

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PRIMARY INVESTMENTS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3265 West
Fullerton Avenue.

BONGPRINT.COM - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-8165

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Bongprint.com on April 30, 2014 and printed upon page 79846 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions
and compensation amounts.

CANINOS DE MICHOACAN - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-8122

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Caninos De Michoacan on July 29, 2015 and printed upon page 3766 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words "Caninos De Michoacan" and
inserting in its place the words "Jalisco Michoacan".

STANDARD PARKING - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-8116

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Standard Parking on December 11, 2013, and printed upon page 71641 of the OJ. P. of
the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words "Standard Parking" and
inserting in its place the words, "lnterpark".

FOX CHICAGO, LLC - 02015-8232

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt FOX
CHICAGO, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2603-2611 North Halsted Street.

NORTH KENMORE CONDOMINIUM - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-8112

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
North Kenmore Condominium on September 24, 2015, and printed upon page 7309 of
the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words "the sum of
seventy?five ($75.00) per annum in advance" and inserting in its place the words "the
sum of zero dollars and building was built before 1922".

17

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD

I43) THE GROVE AT LINCOLN PARK LIVING REHAB CENTER - 02015-8234

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE
GROVE AT LINCOLN PARK LIVING REHAB CENTER from the provisions requiring
barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities
located at 2733 North Hampton Court.

(46) PETSMART, #2525 - (AMENDMENT) - 02015-3155

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Petsmart, Inc. #2525 on November 5, 2014, and printed upon page 96013 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "3740 N. Halsted St."
and inserting in its place the words, "3736 N. Halsted St."

(49) ANYTIME FITNESS - 02015-8237

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ANYTIME FITNESS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1344 West Devon Avenue.

18

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS. DEDICATIONS. OPENINGS AND QOSINGS OF
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

WARD

(3) CHICAGO PARK DISTRICT (HADIYA PENDLETON PARK) - 02015-8340

A proposed closure to vehicular traffic of South Calumet Avenue between East 43rd
Street and East 44th Street.

(20) DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING AND OF WOODLAWN CHARTER
- 02015-8331

A proposed vacation of the remaining alleys in the block bounded by East 63rd Street,
East 64th Street, South Greenwood Avenue and South University Avenue.

19

MAYORALLINTRODUCTIONS:

WARD

REAPPOINTMENT OF ALEJANDRO SILVA - A2015-166

Reappointment of Alejandro Silva as a member of the Chicago Transit Board for a term
effective immediately and expiring September 1, 2022.

REAPPOINTMENT OF KEVIN IRVINE - A2015-165

Reappointment of Kevin Irvine as a member of the Chicago Transit Board for a term
effective immediately and expiring September 1, 2021.

20

