 
UN AND PUBLIC WAY
CommiMce Meeting held on

March 2/ 20M-

SUHWIWD TU 'l'Hl'I CITY COUNCIL April 2 20M-

131% L3 



ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(02014-1529

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 826 North Ashland Avenue.

CASH AMERICA JEWELRY LOAN - 02014-1530

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1441 North Milwaukee Avenue.

EL MEXICO MODERNO - 02014-1533

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1245-1247 North Ashland
Avenue.

FOR ARTS - 02014-1534

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1112 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MANA FOOD BAR - 02014-1672

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1742 West Division Street.

MIDWEST ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02014-1535

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 635-637 North Western Avenue.

MILWAUKEE DIVISION, LLC - 02014-1536

To construct, install, maintain and use eight (8) balconies projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1258 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PIZZA #2 - 02014-1538

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1757 West Chicago Avenue.

PIZZA #2 - 02014-1674

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1757 West Chicago Avenue.

PAPA JIN - 02014-1541

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1551 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PAULA PIZZERIA - 02014-1679

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1518 West Chicago Avenue.

SIERRA AUTO GROUP, INC. - 02014-1542

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2352 West Belmont Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(4)

(5)

(5)

(6)

UNIVERSITY OF AESTHETICSITOUCH CLINIC - 02014-1684

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1357 North Milwaukee Avenue.

- 02014-1691

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 755 South Clark Street.

CULLERTON VALET CLEANERS - 02014-1701

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2008 South Prairie Avenue.

SIGNS - 02014-1705

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 754 North Clark Street.

MBA ENTERPRISES 3, INC. - 02014-1550

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1112 South Wabash Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-1551

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 547 West Jackson Boulevard.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-1719

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 547 West Jackson Boulevard.

SHARKS FISH-CHICKEN - 02014-1552

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 250 East 35th Street.

OSCAR HINOJOSA - 02014-1725

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5220 South Harper Avenue.

718T JEFFERY CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02014-1559

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of~way adjacent to its premises
known as 7100 South Jeffery Boulevard.

JACKSON PARK HIGHLAND ASSOCIATION - 02014-1556

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6701 South Constance Avenue.

LIQUORS - 02014-1563

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 717 East 87th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(6)

(3)

(8)

(8)

(8)

(10)

(10)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

FIFTY YARD LINE - 02014-1565

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 69 East 75th Street.

CHARLES A. CATHEY, JR. INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - 02014-1571

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1700 East 87th Street.

CHARLES A. CATHEY, JR. INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - 02014-1731

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1700 East 87th Street.

FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02014-1574

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1606 East 79th Street.

HOE TOY RESTAURANT - 02014-1579

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8559 South Stony Island Avenue.

CIGAR STORE - 02014-1735

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 9201 South Commercial Avenue.

GOLD SHOP - 02014-1744

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 9203 South Commercial Avenue.

ANTONIA BEAUTY SALON - 02014-1766

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3525 South Halsted Street.

BRIDGEPORT PASTY, LLC - 02014-1771

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3142 South Morgan Street.

CHINA WOK - 02014-1776

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1958 West 353t Street.

FREDDIES - 02014-1590

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 701 West 31st Street.

GLOBAL DIGITAL WIRELESS - 02014-1779

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 714 West 31st Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(11)

(11)

(11)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(14)

PANCHO PISTOLAS MEXICAN RESTAURANT - 02014-1596

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 700 West 31st Street.

PANCHO PISTOLAS MEXICAN RESTAURANT - 02014-1599

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) steps on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 700 West 31 st Street.

SALON MAX - 02014-1782

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3553 South Wallace Street.

ALEX AUTO PARTS, INC. - 02014-1787

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2457 South Kedzie Avenue.

LA CENTRAL BAKERY - 02014?1602

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2422 West 47th Street.

SUPERMERCADO EL RANCHITO - 02014-1792

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2414?2416 West 47th Street.

TIERRA CALIENTE, INC. - 02014-1604

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4070 South Archer Avenue.

EL PUBLANO - 02014-1796

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2610 West 51st Street.

HARDWARE COMPANY - 02014-1630

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2814 West 55th Street.

JAVIN, INC. - 02014-1616

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3403 West 48th Place.

JAVIN, INC. - 02014-1623

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3403 West 48th Place.

PARKSIDE CHAPEL - 02014-1636

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5948 South Archer Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(14)

(14)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(17)

(17)

(13)

(18)

PARKSIDE CHAPEL - 02014-1631

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5948 South Archer Avenue.

SALON NUEVA IMAGEN - 02014-1799

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5644 South Kedzie Avenue.

CASH AMERICAN JEWELRY LOAN - 02014-1639

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6337 South Kedzie Avenue.

FRENCHY TOWEL LAUNDRY - 02014-1802

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6532 South Ashland Avenue.

IMAN - 02014-1641

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2744 West 63rd Street.

OGIES FOOD, INC. - 02014-1645

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2600 West Lithuanian Plaza Court.

OGIES FOOD, INC. - 02014-1807

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2600 West Lithuanian Plaza Court.

LAVANDERIA EL SOL - 02014-1653

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2819 West 55th Street.

FINAL KUTZ - 02014-1815

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1372 West 79th Street.

ROYAL FURNISHING NOVELTIES - 02014-1658

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 235-237 West 75th Street.

TOUCH DAY CARE - 02014-1819

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2501 West 71st Street.

THE SHERWIN WILLIAMS CO. #3860 - 02014-1662

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8517 South Pulaski Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(19) HINKY-DINKS PUB - 02014-1827

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3243 West 111th Street.

(19) COMMUNITY DAYCARE - 02014-1831

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 8947 South Western Avenue.

(19) MUFFLERS 4 LESS - 02014-1669

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10137 South Western Avenue.

(19) USA MUFFLER BRAKE - 02014-1670

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 11044 South Western Avenue.

(20) ANIMAL WELFARE LEAGUE - 02014-1675

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6224 South Wabash Avenue.

(20) K.L.E.O. COMMUNITY FAMILY LIFE CENTER - 02014-1840

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 119 East Garfield Boulevard.

(20) WHITESIDE LIQUORS, INC. - 02014-1678

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 425 East 63rd Street.

(21) FIVE STAR CERTIFIED, INC. - 02014-1685

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 935 West 87th Street.

(21) FIVE STAR CERTIFIED, INC. - 02014-1687

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 935 West 87th Street.

(21) PRETTY LADY AFRICAN HAIR - 02014-1689

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 9304 South Halsted Street.

(22) LINARES SR. - 02014-1693

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3844 West 26th Street.

(22) EL PROGRESO 02014-1708

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3937 West 31st Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(22)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(25)

(25)

RAINBOW SHOP #361 - 02014-1700

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3910 West 26th Street.

ACE HARDWARE - 02014-1722

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6908 West Archer Avenue.

ACE HARDWARE - 02014-1727

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6908 West Archer Avenue.

ALL SEASONS CAR WASH, INC. - 02014-1728

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5285 South Archer Avenue.

CAMINO REAL - 02014-1730

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right~of~way adjacent to its premises
known as 4235 West 63rd Street.

ELISA - 02014-1841

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3715 West 55th Street.

LE PARIS BAKERY NO. 2, INC. - 02014-1732

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5434 South Pulaski Road.

MIDWAY SQUARE DENTAL CLINIC - 02014-1736

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5109 South Pulaski Road.

PARKSIDE CHAPEL - 02014-1740

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bollards on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5948 South Archer Avenue

SALVATION ARMY-MIDWAY COUNSELING CENTER - 02014-1746

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5045 West 47th Street.

LIQUORS, INC. - 02014-1754

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2129 South Halsted Street.

GROCERY-18TH ST - 02014-1846

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1714-1716 West 18th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

PAYLESS MUFFLER BRAKE - 02014-1759

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2219 South Western Avenue.

PILSEN VENTURE ASSOCIATES, LLC - 02014-1760

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1011 West 19th Street.

SHIPPING AND BEYOND - 02014-1851

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1440 West Taylor Street.

SOUTH CENTRAL BANK - 02014-1854

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2335-2337 South Wentworth Avenue.

THALIA HALL - 02014-1761

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) fire escapes projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1807 South Allport Street.

THE UPS STORE 5608 - 02014-1762

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1137 West Taylor Street.

DIGITAL GREENSIGNS - 02014-1417

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right~of~way adjacent to its premises
known as 1000 North Western Avenue.

BANK OF AMERICA - LASALLE - 02014-1857

To construct, maintain and use ten (10) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1565 North Clybourn Avenue.

MAD-CALIFORNIA MEDICAL CENTER - 02014-1861

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2839 West Madison Street.

MOONLIGHT STUDIOS, INC. - 02014-1863

To construct, maintain and use nine (9) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1446 West Kinzie Street.

CHICAGO PIZZA - 02014-1864

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 816 West Van Buren Street.

SUBWAY - 02014-1866

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 780 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(28)

(28)

(29)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(31)

(31)

(31)

(32)

(32)

ORIGINAL FERRARA, INC. - 02014-1769

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2210 West Taylor Street.

RS RETAIL, LLC - 02014-1867

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1230 West Taylor Street.

ALEJANDRO BUCHANCOW - 02014-1676

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6009-6011 West Grand Avenue.

MAGIC FOOD, INC. - 02014-1773

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6020-6022 West North Avenue.

DIGITAL GREENSIGNS - 02014-1418

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3201 North Cicero Avenue.

FEEVHA FITNESS, INC. - 02014-1907

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5837 West Belmont Avenue.

LA PENA - 02014-1777

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4104 West North Avenue.

COMMUNITY SAVINGS BANK - 02014-1780

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4801 West Belmont Avenue.

GOLDMARK CO. - 02014-1781

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5221 West Belmont Avenue.

ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY - 02014-1786

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3024 North Pulaski Road.

CHICAGO APARTMENT FINDERS - 02014-1793

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1216 West Diversey Parkway.

CHICAGO APARTMENT FINDERS - 02014-1794

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) door swings on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1216 West Diversey Parkway.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

CHICAGO APARTMENT FINDERS - 02014-1801

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1216 West Diversey Parkway.

CHICAGO BARBERSHOP, LLC - 02014-1811

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2154 West Armitage Avenue.

COLLEEN FLOOD SENG - 02014-1688

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3256 North Damen Avenue.

CRATE BARREL - 02014-1694

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1864 North Clybourn Avenue.

CRATE BARREL - 02014-1817

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1864 North Clybourn Avenue.

DA VINCI VISION BOUTIQUE - 02014-1821

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1449 West Fullerton Avenue.

DOGS DAY INN CORP. - 02014-1703

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1719 West Wrightwood Avenue.

DRYBAR - 02014-1826

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1611 North Sheffield Avenue.

EL CID TACOS #2 - 02014-1707

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2645 North Kedzie Avenue.

EL CID TACOS #2 - 02014-1832

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2645 North Kedzie Avenue.

HERDEGEN BRIESKE FUNERAL HOME - 02014-1712

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1356 West Wellington Avenue.

HUDSON HOME - 02014-1716

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2825 North Southport Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(35)

JOURNEY PHYSICAL THERAPY - 02014-1720

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2250 West Belmont Avenue.

KALEIDOKIDS - 02014-1833

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2157 North Damen Avenue.

NORTH AVENUE PROPERTIES, LLC - 02014-1837

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1000 West North Avenue.

RADIANT OUTDOOR - 02014-1420

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3034 North Ashland Avenue.

RIOS DE SUDAMERICA - 02014-1724

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2010 West Armitage Avenue.

CHRISTIAN UNDERTAKER SERVICES, INC. - 02014-1737

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3100 West Irving Park Road.

KEDZIE VENTURES, LLC - 02014-1743

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4412 North Kedzie Avenue.

BODY SHOP - 02014-1843

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3041 West Lawrence Avenue.

THONG AUTO SERVICE BODY - 02014-1845

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4416?4420 North Kedzie Avenue.

VELASQUEZ 8: SONS, INC. - 02014-1855

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2845 West Belmont Avenue.

WIRELESS EXPERTZ - 02014-1859

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3350 West Montrose Avenue.

ALL PRO CLEANERS - 02014-1756

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3052 West Armitage Avenue.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(36)

(36)

(37)

(39)

(39)

(40)

FOTO QUETZAL - 02014-1764

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2419 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MARTINEZ BENTANCOURT - 02014-1750

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2455-2457 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MARTINEZ BENTANCOURT - 02014-1909

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2455-2457 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MASADA - 02014-1912

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2206 North California Avenue.

HAIR CARE - 02014-2246

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3027 North Milwaukee Avenue.

BLUE STAR INSURANCE AND SERVICES, INC. - 02014-1924

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7712 West Belmont Avenue.

FOOD LIQUOR - 02014-1926

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6756 West Diversey Avenue.

THE DOG ROOM - 02014-1767

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 7340 West Addison Street.

BURGER KING - 02014-1920

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4910 West North Avenue.

ALLSTATE - 02014-1930

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4752 West Peterson Avenue.

DIGITAL GREENSIGNS - 02014-1416

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3301 West Mawr Avenue.

CITGO - 02014-1932

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5300 North Western Avenue.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(40)

(41)

(41)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

LEADWAY LIQUORS CAFE - 02014-1934

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5233 North Damen Avenue.

CZERWONE JABLUSZKO RESTAURANT - 02014-1938

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6474 North Milwaukee Avenue.

EMERALD ISLE - 02014-1770

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6686 North Northwest Highway.

GROOT INDUSTRIES INCORPORATED - 02014-1940

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) pipes under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6747 North Elmhurst Road.

134 N. LASALLE, LLC - 02014-1830

To construct, maintain and use ten (10) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 128?136 North LaSalle Street.

134 N. LASALLE, LLC - 02014-2029

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 128?136 North LaSalle Street.

20 EAST BELLEVUE, LLC - 02014-2027

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) balcony projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 18?20 East Bellevue Place.

20 EAST BELLEVUE, LLC - 02014-2028

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) revolving door on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 18-20 East Bellevue Place.

T-ELEVEN - 02014-2026

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 201 East Ohio Street.

BEEF RESTAURANT - 02014-1965

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 169 West Ontario Street.

BEEF RESTAURANT - 02014-1967

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right~of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 169 West Ontario Street.

BRIONI - 02014-1972

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 12 East Walton Street.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) - 02014-1974

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) banners over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 121 West Chestnut Street.

(42) CAMCO - 02014-1976

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 121 West Chestnut Street.

(42) CAMCO - 02014-1977

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 121 West Chestnut Street.

(42) CASTLE - 02014-1979

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 632 North Dearborn Street.

(42) CITIBANK, N.A. - 02014-1982

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 400 North Clark Street.

(42) CITY SCENTS FLOWERS, LTD. - 02014-1983

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 209 East Ohio Street.

(42) DANA HOTEL AND SPA - 02014-1789

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2 West Erie Street.

(42) DUBLIN BAR GRILL - 02014-1935

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1050 North State Street.

(42) EAST BELLEVUE, LLC - 02014-1987

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 21 East Bellevue Place.

(42) ELEPHANT CASTLE PUB RESTAURANT - 02014-1783

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 111 West Adams Street.

(42) ERIC JANSSEN, AS COURT APPOINTED RECEIVER - 02014-1988

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 621 West Randolph Street.

(42) F060 DE CHURRASCARIA (CHICAGO), LLC - 02014-1990

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 661 North LaSalle Drive.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) F060 DE CHAO CHURRASCARIA (CHICAGO), - 02014-1993

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 661 North LaSalle Drive.

(42) GLL PROPERTIES 444 NORTH MICHIGAN, L.P. - 02014-1998

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 444 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) GRAND PLAZA OWNER, - 02014-1999

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) grease basins under the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 540 North State Street.

(42) ICING #3742 - 02014-2001

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 133 South State Street.

(42) INTERPARK - 02014-2004

To construct, install, maintain and use one hundred twenty?eight (128) planters on the
public right?of?way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 17 East
Adams Street.

(42) INTERPARK - 02014-2006

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 230 West Washington Street.

(42) LISA LENDE - 02014-1419

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?Of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 543 North Wells Street.

(42) MACERICH MANAGEMENT 02014-2009

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 55 East Grand Avenue.

(42) 0N MAPLE - 02014-2011

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 16 West Maple Street.

(42) MRI OF RIVER NORTH - 02014-1791

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 559 West Kinzie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02014-2013

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) conduit under the public right-Of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

(42) PROSECCO - 02014-1798

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 710 North Wells Street.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) PROSECCO - 02014-2015

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 710 North Wells Street.

(42) REIT MANAGEMENT RESEARCH, LLC - 02014-2018

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 233 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) RL - 02014-2019

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) grease basin under the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 115 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) SABON - 02014-1804

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1152 North State Street.

(42) SAKS FIFTH AVE. - 02014-2021

To maintain and use nine (9) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 700 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) SOCIAL TWENTY FIVE - 02014-1812

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 25 West Hubbard Street.

(42) ST. CLAIR GRAND GARAGE - 02014-2023

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 533 North St. Clair Street.

(42) SUBWAY 02014-1816

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 447 North State Street.

(42) TAZA - 02014-1828

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 176 North Franklin Street.

(42) THE KERRYMAN - 02014-2008

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 661 North Clark Street.

(42) THE PURPLE - 02014-2017

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 500 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) TIDES AT LAKE SHORE EAST, LLC - 02014-2024

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tree grate on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 360 East South Water Street.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

TRATTORIA ISABELLA - 02014-1823

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 217 North Jefferson Street.

WACKER GP, INC. TDC CANADA, CORP. - 02014-2025

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 35 East Wacker Drive.

ASTOR TOWER CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02014-2030

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1300 North Astor Street.

CAFE BA BA REEBA - 02014-2031

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2024 North Halsted Street.

PIZZA - 02014-2032

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2231 North Lincoln Avenue.

KITCHEN - 02014?2033

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2411 North Clark Street.

HOTEL LINCOLN PARK OWNER, LLC - 02014-2034

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1816 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN MART - 02014-1834

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2256 North Lincoln Avenue.

LINCOLN PARK PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH - 02014-1839

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 600 West Fullerton Parkway.

B. ROSE SALON AND SPA 02014-2035

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3335 North Southport Avenue.

BEAUTY NAILS, INC. - 02014-1852

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1109 West Belmont Avenue.

DEXTER LOCK SERVICE - 02014-1856

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 300 North Halsted Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(44) GALLERIA LIQUEURS - 02014-2036

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3409 North Southport Avenue.

(44) ON BELMONT - 02014-1858

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1040 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) GRAMMAPHONE, LTD. - 02014-2037

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2843 North Clark Street.

(44) LOOSELEAF LOUNGE - 02014-1860

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2915 North Broadway.

(44) M2 BOUTIQUE - 02014-1865

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3527 North Southport Avenue.

(44) MATSUYA JAPANESE RESTAURANT - 02014-2038

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3242 North Clark Street.

(44) MYSTIC CELT - 02014-2041

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3441-3443 North Southport Avenue.

(44) PEOPLE PLAY GAMES - 02014-1869

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3268 North Clark Street.

(44) RELISH THE THOUGHT - 02014-2043

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3207 North Halsted Street.

(44) TAVERN, LTD. - 02014-2044

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) steps on the public right?Of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3354-3356 North Halsted Street.

(44) TAVERN, LTD. - 02014-2058

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3354-3356 North Halsted Street.

(44) SALT PEPPER DINER - 02014-2047

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3537 North Clark Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(44) BARBERSHOP, INC. - 02014-1871

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3314 North Halsted Street.

(44) SLAYMAKER GALLERY - 02014-2048

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 934 West Roscoe Street.

(44) SWEET BABY WRIGLEYVILLE - 02014-2050

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3478 North Clark Street.

(44) TANUKI - 02014-1874

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3006 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) TRUE VALUE HARDWARE - 02014-2052

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1138 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) WRIGLEYVILLE CHIROPRACTIC AND MASSAGE - 02014-1875

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 911 West School Street.

(44) CAFE - 02014-1876

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3257 North Halsted Street.

(45) BARAKA AUTO SALES, INC. - 02014-2066

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4031 North Elston Avenue.

(45) WOK CAFE - 02014-1880

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5056 West Irving Park Road.

(45) ILLINOIS HOME IMPROVEMENT - 02014-1883

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5216 North Elston Avenue.

(45) LA FIT, LA FITNESS AND PRO RESULTS - 02014-2069

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3970 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) STAR LAUNDRY AND CLEANER - 02014-2072

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4680 North Elston Avenue.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(45)

(45)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(43)

(43)

(48)

(43)

THE NIL TAP - 02014-2070

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5734 North Elston Avenue.

UNIQUE TRAVEL - 02014-2074

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5479 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CORK LOUNGE - 02014-1886

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1822 West Addison Street.

EMBELLISH - 02014-2078

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4161 North Lincoln Avenue.

FAST SUPER BURRITO - 02014-2080

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1924 West Irving Park Road.

OXFORD LAWRENCE, LLC - 02014-2085

To construct, install, maintain and use, eight (8) balconies projecting over the public right?
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2208 West Lawrence Avenue.

OXFORD LAWRENCE, LLC - 02014-2087

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2208 West Lawrence Avenue.

SEARS ROEBUCK 8: CO. - 02014-2088

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) cables projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to it premises known as 1900 West Lawrence Avenue.

BROADWAY CELLARS - 02014-1888

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5900 North Broadway.

EDGEWATER FITNESS CENTER - 02014-1891

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1106 West Mawr Avenue.

NORTH SHORE AUTO SERVICE, INC. - 02014-2089

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6240 North Broadway.

SUBWAY SANDWICHES - 02014-2090

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1139 West Granville Avenue.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(49) 92 CENTS PLUS - 02014-1897

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6655 North Clark Street.

(49) ROGERS PARK FLORIST - 02014-1899

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1415 West Morse Avenue.

(49) TAMALES MEJOR DE GUERRERO - 02014-1394

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 7024 North Clark Street.

(50) K.R.K. INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION - 02014-2091

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6401 North Campbell Avenue.

21

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(6)

(11)

(12)

(12)

(14)

(15)

(32)

(37)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

CANOPIES

1612 CHICAGO ADVENTURES, LLC - 02014-1686

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1612 West Chicago Avenue.
MILWAUKEE DIVISION, LLC - 02014-1667

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 1258 North Milwaukee Avenue.
175 JACKSON, LLC - 02014-1702

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 175 West Jackson Boulevard.
PALMER PRINTING, INC. - 02014-1695

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 739 South Clark Street.
CHL PROPERTIES, LLC - 02014-1734

To maintain and use (23) canopies located at 7852 South Eberhart Avenue.
EXPRESS GRILL, INC. - 02014-1745

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1260 South Union Avenue.
AZTECAS MUFFLERS BRAKES - 02014-1757

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2216 South Kedzie Avenue.
CALIENTE, INC. - 02014-1763

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 4070 South Archer Avenue.
GISELL FASHION - 02014-1765

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2535 West 51st Street.
IMAN - 02014-1778

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2744 West 63rd Street.
BLOCK - 02014-1790

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 3150 North Lincoln Avenue.
LEARNING CENTER, LTD. - 02014-1797

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5242 West North Avenue.
- 02014-1809

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 6417 West Higgins Avenue.
DESIGN STUDIO - 02014-1820

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 225 West Hubbard Street.
HYATT CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE - 02014-1829

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 633 North St. Clair Street.
CRAB HOUSE - 02014-1836

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 21 East Hubbard Street.

22

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

CANOPIES
WARD

(44) KNECHT CHIROPRACTIC CLINIC - 02014-1842
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 3444 North Halsted Street,

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(1) ALLIANCE BAKERY - 02014-1539

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1736 West Division Street.

(1) AZZURRA ENOTAVOLA - 02014-1545

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1467 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) CARRIAGE HOUSE - 02014-1548

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1700 West Division Street.

(1) FAME - 02014-1555

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2015 West Division Street.

(1) FAT RIB SHACK - 02014-1558

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2416-2422 West Schubert Avenue.

(1) FLO - 02014-1560

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1434 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) INNJOY - 02014-1562

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2051 West Division Street.

(1) MANA FOOD BAR - 02014-1564

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1742 West Division Street.

(1) MODERN ASIAN KITCHEN - 02014-1567

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1924 West Division Street.

(1) MR. LOUNGE - 02014-1569

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2301 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) OIISTAR - 02014-1576

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1385 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) PALADAR - 02014-1580

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2252 North Western Avenue.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

I1) PIZZA PASTA 0N DIVISION - 02014-1588

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2056-2058 West Division Street.

(1) RESTAURANT, VENENO DE NAYARIT - 02014-1589

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1024 North Ashland Avenue.

(1) SMOKE DADDY - 02014-1591

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1804?1806 West Division Street.

(1) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2636 - 02014-1593

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1701 West Division Street.

(1) MARKET - 02014-1594

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2057 West North Avenue.

(1) SWIG - 02014-1595

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1469 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) THE ANTHEM - 02014-1544

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1725 West Division Street.

(1) THE BOUNDARY - 02014-1546

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1932 West Division Street.

(1) UNITE GRILL, LLC - 02014-1597

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1934 West Wabansia Avenue.

(1) VIA CARDUCCI LA SORELLA - 02014-1598

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1928 West Division Street.

(2) ASIAN OUTPOST - 02014-1614

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1313-1315 South Wabash Avenue.

(2) Au BON PAIN - 02014-1617

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 West Adams Street.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

SIDEWALK CAFES

PIZZA - 02014-1629

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 310 South Clinton Street.

- 02014-1632

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 343 South Dearborn Street.

- 02014-1635

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 338 South Plymouth Court.

CACTUS BAR GRILL - 02014-1637

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 404-412 South Wells Street.

CHICAGO DQ GRILL CHILL - 02014-1638

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 436 South Wabash Avenue.

CITY TAVERN OF CHICAGO - 02014-1643

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1416?1418 South Michigan Avenue.

DUNKIN DONUTS BASKIN ROBBINS - 02014-1647

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 600 South Wabash Avenue.

ELEVEN CITY DINER - 02014-1649

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1112 South Wabash Avenue.

EPIC BURGER - 02014-1651

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 517 South State Street.

TACOS, LLC - 02014-1655

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 725 South Dearborn Street.

FONTANO SUBS - 02014-1656

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 332 South Michigan Avenue.

EAST OF CHICAGO - 02014-1661

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 521 South Dearborn Street.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(2) Row - 02014-1690

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 731-733 South Dearborn Street.

(2) LA CANTINA GRILL - 02014-1692

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1911 South Michigan Avenue.

(2) LOU PIZZERIA - 02014-1697

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 805 South State Street.

(2) LOU - 020114-1698

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 565 West Jackson Boulevard.

(2) PAN ERA BREAD #1004 - 02014-1704

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 525 South State Street.

(2) PIZZERIA BRANDI - 02014-1711

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 67 East Cermak Road.

(2) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-1714

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 547 West Jackson Boulevard.

(2) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-1717

To maintain and use a portion of the public rightsof?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 542 South Dearborn Street.

(2) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-1723

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?Of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 175 West Jackson Boulevard.

(2) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-1726

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1459 West Taylor Street.

(2) SOUTH LOOP CLUB, INC. - 02014-1729

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 701 South State Street.

(2) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2234 - 02014-1741

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 West Adams Street.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(4)

(4)

SIDEWALK CAFES

STARBUCKS COFFEE #282 - 02014-1739

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 555 South Dearborn Street.

TAMARIN - 02014-1747

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 614 South Wabash Avenue.

THE CONGRESS HOTEL - 02014-1644

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 520 South Michigan Avenue.

THE FRANKLIN TAP - 02014-1659

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 325 South Franklin Street.

UMAI - 02014-1748

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 730 South Clark Street.

WABASH TAP - 02014-1751

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1233 South Wabash Avenue.

ZAPATISTA - 02014-1752

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1307 South Wabash Avenue.

BAR 8: GRILL - 02014-1772

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2105 South State Street.

TAPAS VALENCIA - 02014-1774

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1530 South State Street.

A10 - 02014-1784

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1460-1466 East 53rd Street.

CHOCOLATES FUDGE - 02014-1788

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5226-5228 South Harper Avenue.

PIZZA CAPRI - 02014-1803

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1501 East 53rd Street.

28

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(4)

(5)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(13)

(19)

(25)

(26)

SIDEWALK CAFES

STARBUCKS COFFEE #226 - 02014-1814

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1530 East 53rd Street.

THE SIT DOWN - 02014-1810

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1312 East 53rd Street.

SALONICA RESTAURANT - 02014-1822

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1438-1440 East 57th Street.

BACARDI AT THE PARK - 02014-1835

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 320 West 35th Street.

BRIDGEPORT COFFEE HOUSE, INC. - 02014-1838

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3101 South Morgan Street.

CORK AND KERRY ON 33RD - 02014-1844

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3258 South Princeton Avenue.

HASH BROWNS - 02014-1848

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 731 West Maxwell Street.

TU RTLES - 02014-1849

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 238 West 33rd Street.

EL SOLAZO - 02014-1868

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5600 South Pulaski Road.

PANERA BREAD #933 - 02014-1870

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2314 West 95th Street.

DUSEKS - 02014-1872

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1223?1227 West 18th Street.

TACOS AND PIZZA - 02014-1873

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2534 West Division Street.

29

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

SIDEWALK CAFES

AU CHEVAL - 02014-1879

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 800 West Randolph Street.

BELLY QIURBAN BELLY - 02014-1882

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1400 West Randolph Street.

- 02014-1887

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 752 North Ogden Avenue.

FARMHOUSE - 02014-1890

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 228 West Chicago Avenue.

GRANGE HALL BURGER BAR - 02014-1893

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 844 West Randolph Street.

GREEK ISLANDS RESTAURANT - 02014-1896

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 South Halsted Street.

HASHBROWNS 0N WELLS - 02014-1898

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1149?1155 North Wells Street.

HAYMARKET BREWING COMPANY - 02014-1900

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 737-741 West Randolph Street.

J. - 02014-1901

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1365-1367 West Erie Street.

LITTLE GOAT DINER - 02014-1905

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 818-822 West Randolph Street.

MARKET - 02014-1906

To maintain and use a portion of the public right~of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1113?1115 West Randolph Street.

- 02014-1910

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 840 West Randolph Street.

30

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(23)

(28)

(32)

(32)

SIDEWALK CAFES

RESTAURANT BAR - 02014-1913

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1528 North Wells Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #11719 - 02014-1914

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 116 South Halsted Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #14433 - 02014-1915

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 946 West Randolph Street.

SUITE LOUNGE - 02014-1918

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1446 North Wells Street.

THE ABERDEEN TAP - 02014-1878

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 440 North Aberdeen Street.

THE CROSS ROADS BAR GRILL - 02014-1885

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1120-1124 West Madison Street.

THE JUICY WINE CO. - 02014-1904

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 694 North Milwaukee Avenue.

TOPO GIGIO RISTORANTE - 02014-1921

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1514-1516 North Wells Street.

CONTE DI SAVOIA, INC. - 02014-1927

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1438 West Taylor Street.

BAR GRILL, INC. - 02014-1923

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1458 West Taylor Street.

DAVIDS TEA - 02014-1941

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1645 North Damen Avenue.

DUNLAYS ON THE SQUARE - 02014-1944

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3137-3139 West Logan Boulevard.

31

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

SIDEWALK CAFES

FOLKLORE - 02014-1946

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2100-2102 West Division Street.

FOUR MOON TAVERN - 02014-1947

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1847 West Roscoe Street.

FRASCA - 02014-1948

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3356-3358 North Paulina Street.

HOT DOG - 02014-1949

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1876 North Damen Avenue.

GOLDEN APPLE RESTAURANT - 02014-1950

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2971 North Lincoln Avenue.

HOT WOKS COOL SUSHI - 02014-1951

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2032 West Roscoe Street.

PLACE - 02014-1952

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2132 West Roscoe Street.

PUB - 02014-1953

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1925 West Cortland Street.

MARSHFIELD URBAN GRILL - 02014-1954

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2417 North Clybourn Avenue.

NANDO MILANO TRATTORIA - 02014-1956

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2114 West Division Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-1957

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1625 North Damen Avenue.

SILVER CLOUD - 02014-1960

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1700 North Damen Avenue.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(32) STARBUCKS COFFEE #14256 - 02014-1966

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2101 West Armitage Avenue.

(32) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2223 - 02014-1961

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3350 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2369 - 02014-1962

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2023-2025 West Roscoe Street.

(32) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2494 -02014-1963

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1157 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(32) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2514 - 02014-1964

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3045 North Greenview Avenue.

(32) THE ART OF CHICKEN - 02014-1939

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2041 North Western Avenue.

(32) THE PAW - 02014-1955

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2524 North Southport Avenue.

(32) THE PONY INN - 02014-1958

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1638 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) THE TEMPLE BAR 02014-1968

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3001 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) BANNER RESTAURANT - 02014-1970

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2100 West Roscoe Street.

(32) WICKER BASKET MARKET - 02014-1971

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2113 West Division Street.

(33) PITCHFORK FOOD SALOON - 02014-1973

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2922?2924 West Irving Park Road.

33

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(33)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(36)

(36)

(39)

(39)

SIDEWALK CAFES

STARBUCKS COFFEE #8954 - 02014-1975

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4558 North Kedzie Avenue.

ABBEY PUB - 02014-1978

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3420 West Grace Street.

CAFE CON LECHE NOCHE - 02014-1980

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2710-2714 North Milwaukee Avenue.

EL CID TACOS #2 - 02014-1984

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2645 North Kedzie Avenue.

INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE AND TEA - 02014-1986

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2642 North Milwaukee Avenue.

LA FARINE BAKERY #2 - 02014-1989

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2909 North Milwaukee Avenue.

RENO - 02014-1992

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2607 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ABRAM GALE - 02014-1994

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2366-2370 North Neva Avenue.

CAFE PRAGUE - 02014-1995

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?ot?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6710-6712 West Belmont Avenue.

NEW POLONIA CLUB, INC. - 02014-1996

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6101-6103 West Belmont Avenue.

PUBLIC HOUSE - 02014-1997

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6148 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ITALIAN CUISINE PIZZERIA, INC. - 02014-2000

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3431 West Peterson Avenue.

34

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(39)

(39)

(39)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(41)

(41)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

PADDY - 02014-2002

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4157 North Pulaski Road.

PASTA - 02014-2003

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6311 North Milwaukee Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #13522 - 02014-2005

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3232 West Foster Avenue.

5077 KIKO MEAT MARKET - 02014-2016

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5077 North Lincoln Avenue.

EMERALD ISLE ON PETERSON - 02014-2007

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2535?2537 West Peterson Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-2010

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5304 North Clark Street.

- 02014-2012

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1512 West Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2310 - 02014-2014

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5300 North Clark Street.

CAFE TOUCHE - 02014-2020

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6731 North Northwest Highway.

FIREWATER SALOON - 02014-2022

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6689?6695 North Oliphant Avenue.

437 RUSH - 02014-2211

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 437 North Rush Street.

AU BON PAIN - 02014-2039

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 161 North Clark Street.

35

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BAR TOMA - 02014-2040

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 110 East Pearson Street.

BELLWETHER MEETING HOUSE EATERY - 02014-2042

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 302 East Illinois Street.

BLACKFINN AMERIPUB - 02014-2045

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 65 West Kinzie Street.

BLUE LOCAL 22 - 02014-2046

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 22 East Hubbard Street.

BOTTLEFORK - 02014-2049

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 441 North Clark Street.

BREHON PUB - 02014-2051

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 731-733 North Wells Street.

BURRITO BEACH #8 02014-2053

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 East Ohio Street.

CH DISTILLERY - 02014-2054

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 564 West Randolph Street.

CHICAGO - 02014-2055

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1160 North Dearborn Street.

CHICK-FIL-A STATE 8: LAKE - 02014-2056

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 177 North State.

D4 IRISH PUB 8r. CAFE - 02014-2060

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 345 East Ohio Street.

DELICATESSEN - 02014-2057

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 354 West Hubbard Street.

36

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

DOC FRESH KITCHEN - 02014-2059

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 100 East Walton Street.

EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS #3505 - 02014-2061

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 400 North Dearborn Street.

EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS #3620 - 02014-2062

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 180 North Michigan Avenue.

TACOS - 02014-2063

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 46 East Chicago Avenue.

GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE SHOP SODA FOUNTAIN - 02014-2064

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 118 East Pearson Street.

GILT VAULT - 02014-2065

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 228-230 West Kinzie Street.

EAST PIZZERIA - 02014-2067

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 160-164 East Superior Street.

GT FISH OYSTERS - 02014-2068

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 531 North Wells Street.

HARRY RESTAURANT - 02014-2071

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 33 West Kinzie Street.

HOT WOKS COOL SUSHI - 02014-2073

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 30 South Michigan Avenue.

INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA - 02014-2075

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 53 East Randolph Street.

JOHN BARLEYCORN - 02014-2076

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 149-151 West Kinzie Street.

37

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

LAVAZZA - 02014-2077

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 27 West Washington Street.

LAVAZZA CAFE - 02014-2079

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 162 East Ohio Street.

LITTLE MARKET BRASSERIE - 02014-2081

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 10-20 East Delaware Place.

LOU PIZZERIA - 02014-2083

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1120 North State Street.

LOU PIZZERIA - 02014-2084

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 439 North Wells Street.

LYFE KITCHEN - 02014-2086

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 413-419 North Clark Street.

MERCADITO CHICAGO - 02014-2092

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 108-110 West Kinzie Street.

MERCER 113 - 02014-2093

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 113-119 West Hubbard Street.

STEAKHOUSE-WACKER PLACE - 02014-2095

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 65 East Wacker Place.

MR. SUBMARINE - 02014-2096

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 37 North Wells Street.

NAF NAF GRILL - 02014-2097

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 326 North Michigan Avenue.

NAF NAF GRILL - 02014-2098

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 309 West Washington Street.

38

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

NATIVE FOODS CAFE - 02014-2099

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 14 South Clinton Street.

NIU - 02014-2100

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 332 East Illinois Street.

PANERA BREAD - 02014?2101

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2 North Michigan Avenue.

HACIENDA - 02014-2104

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 316-318 West Erie Street.

PENINSULA CHICAGO, LLC - 02014-2105

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 108 East Superior Street.

PITTSFIELD CAFE - 02014-2109

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 55 East Washington Street.

POPS FOR CHAMPAGNE - 02014-2112

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 601?605 North State Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS #100 - 02014-2129

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 209 South LaSalle Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS 02014-2115

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 57 East Chicago Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-2117

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 545 West Madison Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-2119

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 South Michigan Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-2122

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 508 North Clark Street.

39

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-2126

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 North LaSalle Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-2127

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 277 East Ontario Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-2128

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 190 North State Street.

PROSECCO - 02014-2149

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 710 North Wells Street.

PROTEIN BAR - 02014-2152

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 352 North Clark Street.

PROTEIN BAR - 02014-2154

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 221 West Washington Street.

QUAY - 02014-2157

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 465 East Illinois Street.

RA SUSHI - 02014-2159

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1139 North State Street.

ROKA AKORIBOMBAY SPICE GRILL AND WINE - 02014-2160

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 West Illinois Street.

ROSEBUD STEAKHOUSE - 02014-2161

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 192 East Walton Place.

SAYAT NOVA - 02014-2162

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 157 East Ohio Street.

SEPIA - 02014-2163

To maintain and use a pertion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 123 North Jefferson Street.

40

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

SEPIA - 02014-2164

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 135 North Jefferson Street.

SOPRAFFINAICICCHETTI - 02014-2165

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 201 East Huron Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #10594 - 02014-2193

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 39 South LaSalle Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #10955 - 02014?2197

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 38 East Ontario Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #13468 - 02014-2198

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 East Delaware Place.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #13710 - 02014-2199

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 30 West Erie Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #15683 - 02014-2206

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 8 North Michigan Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #216 - 02014-2171

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 401 East Ontario Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2215 - 02014-2178

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 828 North State Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2230 - 02014-2179

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 68 East Madison Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #225 - 02014-2175

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 40 West Lake Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2334 - 02014-2181

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 106-108 West Germania Place.

41

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

STARBUCKS COFFEE #236 - 02014-2176

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 39 West Division Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2401 - 02014-2184

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 750 North Franklin Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2484 - 02014-2186

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 East Chestnut Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2510 02014-2189

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 414 North Orleans Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2545 - 02014-2190

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 25 East Washington Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #8972 - 02014-2192

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 42 East Chicago Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE - 02014-2167

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 South Michigan Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE - 02014-2169

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 600 North State Street.

SUSHI SAMBA - 02014-2183

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?ot?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 504 North Wells Street.

TABLE FIFTY-TWO - 02014-2188

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 52 West Elm Street.

TAVERNITA - 02014-2185

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 151 West Erie Street.

TGI - 02014-2191

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 153 East Erie Street.

42

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

THE LOCAL - 02014-2082

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 198 East Delaware Place.

THE PURPLE PIG - 02014-2156

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 500 North Michigan Avenue.

TILTED KILT PUB EATERY - 02014-2194

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 17 North Wabash Avenue.

TONI PATISSERIE - 02014-2195

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 65 East Washington Street.

TRADITION - 02014-2196

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 160 North Franklin Street.

TRATTORIA ISABELLA - 02014-2203

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 217 North Jefferson Street.

VINYL SOCIAL FOOD DRINK - 02014-2207

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 121 West Hubbard Street.

VOLARE - 02014-2209

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 201-205 East Grand Avenue.

ATHENIAN ROOM RESTAURANT - 02014-2094

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-ot?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 807 West Webster Avenue.

IRISH PUB - 02014-2102

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1240 North Wells Street.

ON CLARK - 02014-2107

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2600 North Clark Street.

EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS #1200 - 02014-2114

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1549 North Wells Street.

43

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS #3426 - 02014-2118

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 933 West Diversey Parkway.

GROGGERY - 02014-2125

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2158 North Halsted Street.

HOMESLYCE WHEEL HOUSE - 02014-2131

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 934-938 West Webster Avenue.

LOU PIZZERIA - 02014-2133

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 956-958 West Wrightwood Avenue.

CUPCAKES, LLC - 02014-2135

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2536?2538 North Clark Street.

ON WELLS, INC. - 02014-2137

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1746 North Wells Street.

OLD TOWN BURGER SALOON - 02014-2138

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1208 North Wells Street.

OLD TOWN POUR HOUSE - 02014-2141

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1417?1419 North Wells Street.

PASTORAL - 02014-2103

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 53 East Lake Street.

PERENNIAL - 02014-2143

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1800 North Lincoln Avenue.

PLUM MARKET - 02014-2148

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1233 North Wells Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-2145

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 565 West Diversey Parkway.

44

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02014-2146

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 959 West Diversey Parkway.

STARBUCKS #272 - 02014-2200

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2529 North Clark Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #204 - 02014-2182

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 617 West Diversey Parkway.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #206 - 02014-2187

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2063 North Clark Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #217 - 02014-2180

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2200 North Halsted Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2370 - 02014-2202

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1602 North Wells Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2515 - 02014-2201

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2275 North Lincoln Avenue.

HOUSE - 02014-2204

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1501 North Dayton Street.

- 02014-2205

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1112 West Armitage Avenue.

TARASCAS INTERNATIONAL - 02014-2208

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2585 North Clark Street.

THE EDGE - 02014-2110

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2720-2722 North Clark Street.

THE GLUNZ TAVERN - 02014-2123

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1202 North Wells Street.

45

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(43) VINCI - 02014-2210

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1732 North Halsted Street.

(44) AVENUE TAVERN - 02014-2212

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2914?2916 North Broadway.

(44) BIG RESTAURANT - 02014-2213

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1034 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) BOMBAY BLISS - 02014-2215

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3108 North Broadway.

(44) COFFEE TEA EXCHANGE - 02014-2214

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3311 North Broadway.

(44) KITCHEN - 02014-2216

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3455-3457 North Southport Avenue.

(44) PIZZA - 02014-2217

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-0f-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1351 West Addison Street.

(44) DELEECE - 02014-2218

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3747 North Southport Avenue.

(44) EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS #2578 - 02014-2219

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3420 North Southport Avenue.

(44) EL MERCADO F000 MART - 02014-2220

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?ot?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3767 North Southport Avenue.

(44) TACOS #3 - 02014-2221

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3530 North Clark Street.

(44) HOT DIGGITY DOGS - 02014-2222

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-0f~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 947 West Wellington Avenue.

46

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(44) HUTCH - o2o14-2223

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3301 North Clark Street.

(44) INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA, INC. - 02014-2224

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3123 North Broadway.

(44) JERSEY SUBS - 02014-2225

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3152 North Broadway.

(44) KUMAS TOO - 02014-2226

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 666 West Diversey Parkway.

(44) PIZZERIA - 02014-2227

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3215 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) MAD RIVER BAR GRILLE - 02014-2228

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2909?2911 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) BBQ - 02014-2230

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3411 North Broadway.

(44) MINI BAR - 02014-2229

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3339-3341 North Halsted Street.

(44) MONSIGNOR - 02014-2231

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3019 North Broadway.

(44) TREE, LTD. - 02014-2232

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3334 North Halsted Street.

(44) PACIUGO OF BROADWAY - 02014-2233

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3241 North Broadway.

(44) PADDY - 02014-2234

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1028 West Diversey Parkway.

47

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

SIDEWALK CAFES

PANERA CARES - 02014-2236

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 616 West Diversey Parkway.

PANES BREAD CAFE - 02014?2235

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3002 North Sheffield Avenue.

PASTORAL - 02014-2237

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2945-2947 North Broadway.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02014-2238

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3424 North Southport Avenue.

SAKURA TEPPANYAKI AND SUSHI - 02014-2239

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 730 West Diversey Parkway.

SENSATIONAL BITES, INC. - 02014-2240

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3751 North Southport Avenue.

SPORTS CORNER - 02014-2241

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 952-956 West Addison Street.

STARBUCKS #231 02014-2243

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3400 North Southport Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #227 - 02014-2242

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3358 North Broadway.

TANGO SUR - 02014-2244

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3761-3763 North Southport Avenue.

TROY MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02014-2245

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2908 North Broadway.

WOOD - 02014-2247

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3335 North Halsted Street.

48

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(47)

SIDEWALK CAFES

CAFE - 02014-2248

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3257 North Halsted Street.

MC FOOD 8: DRINKS - 02014-2249

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4326-4328 West Irving Park Road.

MCM PUB LIQUORS - 02014-2250

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3906?3910 North Cicero Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2568 - 02014-2251

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4365 West Irving Park Road.

FAT CAT - 02014-2252

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4840 North Broadway.

FINLEY - 02014-2253

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3701 North Broadway.

FOOD TOWN - 02014-2254

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4401 North Hazel Street.

PUP IN THE RUF, INC. - 02014-2255

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4401 North Sheridan Road.

RESTAURANT, INC. - 02014-2256

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4089?4091 North Broadway.

PIZZA RUSTICA, INC. - 02014-2257

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3908-3910 North Sheridan Road.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2335 - 02014-2258

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3845 North Broadway.

BAKERY, INC. - 02014-2108

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3329 North Lincoln Avenue.

49

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

SIDEWALK CAFES

LA SIERRA CORPORATION - 02014-2113

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1637 West Montrose Avenue.

INN - 02014-2111

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2119 West Irving Park Road.

PACIUGO LINCOLN SQUARE - 02014-2116

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2324 West Giddings Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS #114 - 02014-2121

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4709 North Lincoln Avenue.

NEIGHBORHOOD GRILL - 02014-2124

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4632 North Rockwell Street.

- 02014-2130

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2020 West Montrose Avenue.

SOUTHPORT AND IRVING - 02014-2132

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4000?4006 North Southport Avenue.

COFFEE #2378 - 02014-2134

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4553-4557 North Lincoln Avenue.

COFFEE #2449 - 02014-2136

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4015 North Lincoln Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2491 - 02014-2139

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1900 West Montrose Avenue.

STICKY RICE - 02014-2140

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4018 North Western Avenue.

THE BOOKCELLAR - 02014-2106

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4736-4738 North Lincoln Avenue.

50

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(48)

(43)

(48)

SIDEWALK CAFES

THE PIGGERY - 02014-2120

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1625 West Irving Park Road.

TRATTORIA TRULLO - 02014-2142

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4767 North Lincoln Avenue.

TROQUET - 02014-2144

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1834 West Montrose Avenue.

AGAMI JAPANESE RESTAURANT - 02014-2147

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4706?4712 North Broadway.

CREW BAR GRILL - 02014-2150

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4804 North Broadway.

KOPI, A CAFE - 02014-2153

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5317 North Clark Street.

NOOKIES CAFE 8: RESTAURANT - 02014-2155

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1100 West Mawr Avenue.

PATIO BEEF, INC. - 02014-2158

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6022 North Broadway.

COFFEE #2445 - 02014-2166

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1052-1070 West Mawr Avenue.

TANK NOODLE PHO XE TANG - 02014-2168

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of~way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4953-4955 North Broadway.

- 02014-2170

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5335 North Sheridan Road.

VINCENT - 02014-2172

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1475 West Balmoral Avenue.

51

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(49)

(49)

(49)

(50)

SIDEWALK CAFES

PUBLIC HOUSE - 02014-2174

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1508 West Jarvis Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #11751 - 02014-2173

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2357 West Howard Street.

TOWBAR - 02014-2177

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1500 West Jarvis Avenue.

SELECT - 02014-2297

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2542-2544 West Peterson Avenue.

52

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(8)

(3)

(16)

(18)

(20)

(23)

(25)

(25)

79TH STREET, LLC - 02014-1467

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 79TH
STREET, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 815-829 East 79th Street.

DOLLAR TREE RETAIL - 02014-1465

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
DOLLAR TREE RETAIL from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 8517-8519 South
Cottage Grove Avenue.

KIDS, INC. - 02014-1463

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
KIDS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2718 West 59th Street.

CDE BODY SHOP, INC. - 02014-1469

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CDE
BODY SHOP, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 7659 South Western
Avenue.

INGLESIDE PROJECT, INC. - 02014-1459

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
INGLESIDE PROJECT, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6210 South
Ingleside Avenue.

THE GREATER SOUTHWEST DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION - 02014-1461

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE
GREATER SOUTHWEST DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION from the provisions
requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 3513 West 63rd Street.

HOT SPOT - 02014-1488

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt HOT
SPOT from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2110 West Cermak Road.

PRAEDIUM DEVELOPMENT - 02014-1486

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PRAEDIUM DEVELOPMENT from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1061 West Jackson
Boulevard.

53

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(27)

(23)

(30)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(35)

(38)

925 N. LARRABEE STREET - 02014-1484

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 925
N. LARRABEE STREET from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 925 North Larrabee
Street.

MEAN CLEAN HAND CAR WASH, LLC - 02014-1458

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MEAN CLEAN HAND CAR WASH, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4209
West Lake Street.

GLOBAL CHOICES, INC. - 02014-1414

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
GLOBAL CHOICES, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4535 West Addison
Street.

2123 DIVISION CORPORATION - 02014-1491

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2123
DIVISION CORPORATION from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2123 West Division
Street.

CLYBOURN CONSTRUCTION, LLC - 02014-1492

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CLYBOURN CONSTRUCTION, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2440
North Clybourn Avenue.

IO THEATER - 02014-1490

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt IO
THEATER from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1501 North Kingsbury Street.

E. CANTY - 02014-1460

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 3700 block of North Panama Avenue, from
West Waveland Avenue to West Grace Street as, "Arthur E. Canty Way".

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. - 02014-2306

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4671 West Irving
Park Road.

54

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(40)

(40)

(42)

(42)

(44)

(45)

NATIONAL AUTO GROUP, INCORPORATED - 02014-1456

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
NATIONAL AUTO GROUP, INCORPORATED from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
5528-5532 North Western Avenue.

PREMIERE AUTO SERVICE - 02014-1489

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PREMIERE AUTO SERVICE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2753 West
Lawrence Avenue.

NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY - (AMENDMENT) - 02014-1525

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Northern Trust Company on November 13, 2013, and printed upon page 65527 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language
regarding the number of Flag Poles, the Flag Pole dimensions, and the compensation
amount.

RAINFOREST CAFE - (AMENDMENT) - 02014-1634

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Rainforest Cafe on October 31, 2012, and printed upon page 38365 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding the
number of Flag Poles, their dimensions and the compensation amount.

3220-3224 NORTH SOUTHPORT, LLC - 02014-1470

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
3220-3224 NORTH SOUTHPORT, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a

prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3220
North Southport Avenue.

REESE - 02014-1487

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the 5600 block of North McVicker Avenue from
West Mawr Avenue to West Seminole Avenue as, "Deborah Reese Way."

55

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

WARD

(5) CALL ON CDOT TO POST CLEAR DISTINCTIVE WARNING SIGNS IN PHOTO-
(6) ENFORCED AREAS - R2014-137

(42) TAXICAB STAND #806 - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) -SOZO13-9440

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to cause the
establishment of Taxicab Stand Number 806 on West Goethe Street (South side), from a
point 35 feet west of North State Parkway to a point 100 feet west thereof for five (5)
taxis; from 7:00 am. to 3:00 am.

56

