AMENDED

SUMMARY OF REPORTS
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY

Committee Meeting held on April 12, 2017

SUBMITTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL - April 19, 2017

83313 ALIS
:10 FHHJO



m. m: sews;

. 89$
{331-38338

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

ADIDAS - 02017-3082

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1532 North Milwaukee Avenue.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02017-3083

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1242 North Ashland Avenue.

CP WEST DIVISION, LLC - 02017-2466

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) caissons under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1640 West Division Street.

NCA PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2338

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 509 North Wolcott Avenue.

NCA PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2457

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 509 North Wolcott Avenue.

PNC - 02017-2459

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1601 West Division Street.

THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS STORE #3457 - 02017-2461

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1654 North Western Avenue.

WEST TOWN PIZZA SHOP - 02017-2464

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2525 West North Avenue.

1521 W. HADDON CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2513

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1521 West Haddon Avenue.

840 NORTH LAKE SHORE DRIVE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2509

To construct, install, maintain and use eight (8) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 840 North Lake Shore Drive.

ALTERNATIVE HEALTH GROUP, LLC - 02017-2441

To maintain and use, as now constructed, onel(1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1834-1836 West North Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(2) APPLE, INC. - 02017-2442

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) power supplies (electrical outlet
sleeves) projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 801
West North Avenue.

(2) BUZZ: KILLER ESPRESSO - 02017-3086

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1644 North Damen Avenue.

(2) CAMBRIA CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE - 02017-3084

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 166 East Superior Street.

(2) CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2446

To construct, install, maintain and use seven (7) bollards on the public right-Of-way
adjacent tO its premises known as 1118 North State Street.

(2) CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2449

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter railings on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1118 North State Street.

(2) CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2451

TO construct, install, maintain and use two (2) landscapings on the public right-Of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1118 North State Street.

(2) CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2456

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) park benches on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1118 North State Street.

(2) DENNIS AND KRISTINA KELLEHER - 02017-2455

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of-way
adjacent tO its premises known as 57 East Elm Street.

(2) ENTERPRISE RENT A CAR - 02017-2469

TO maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 850 North State Street. 

(2) FRIENDS RAMEN - 02017-2342

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 808 North State Street.

(2) FRIENDS SUSHI ON RAMEN - 02017-2347

TO construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached tO the
strUCture located at 806?808 North State Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(3)

GREEK CORNER RESTAURANT CAFE - 02017-2473

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 958 North Damen Avenue.

HAL SERIES, LLC - 02017-2476

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premise known as 1030 North Dearborn Street.

HOMEGOODS #738 - 02017-2349

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1840 North Clybourn Avenue.

HOTEL INDIGO - 02017-2482

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1244 North Dearborn Street.

HOTEL INDIGO - 02017-2485

To cOnstruct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1244 North Dearborn Street.

MARINE LAYER - 02017-2491

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1646 North Damen Avenue.

SCOTT PAYNE STUDIOS, INC.- 02017- 2496

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right? ~o?f ?way
adjacent to its premises known as 413- 415 West North Avenue.

SINE QUA NON IV, LTD.- 02017-2499

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2038 West Chicago Avenue.

STREET DREAMS CHICAGO - 02017-2503

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right- of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1415 North Ashland Avenue.

THE SECOND CITY - 02017-3085

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right- of?way adjacent to its premises
knOWn as 230 West North Avenue.

TRATTORIA GIANNI - 02017- 2507

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right- of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1711 North Halsted Street.

1326 SOUTH MICHIGAN AVENUE (CHICAGO) OWNER, LLC- 02017- 2528

To construct, install, maintain and use four(4 planters on the public right- of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1326 South Michigan Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(4)

(4)

CHICAGO AIRPORT SHUTTLE SERVICE, INC. - 02017-324

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) booth on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2213 South Michigan Avenue.

MUSEUM PARK LOFTS - 02017-2517

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty?eight (28) balconies projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 125 East 13th Street.

MUSEUM PARK LOFTS - 02017-2522

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) fences on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 125 East 13th Street.

OVERFLOW COFFEE BAR, L3C - 02017?2372

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1550 South State Street.

PIZZA AND PASTA SOUTH - 02017-2374

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2106 South lndiana Avenue.

PIZZA AND PASTA SOUTH - 02017-2524

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2106 South lndiana Avenue.

QUINN CHAPEL - 02017-2526

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2401 South Wabash Avenue.

PIZZERIA - 02017-3087

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1923 South Archer Avenue.

WABASH TAP - 02017-2375

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1233 South Wabash Avenue.

35 BEAUTY SUPPLY - 02017-3088

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 260 East 35th Street.

CHICAGO AIRPORT SHUTTLE SERVICE, INC. - 02017-328

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) booth on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2301 South Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive.

CHICAGO AIRPORT SHUTTLE SERVICES, INC. - 02017-329

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) booth on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2301 South lndiana Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(4) COLUMBIA COLLEGE CHICAGO - 02017-2378

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 731 South Plymouth Court.

(4) FOLIO SQUARE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2531

To construct, install, maintain and use seven (7) bollards on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 124 West Polk Street.

(4) GADGET GEEKS - 02017-2379

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 620 South Dearborn Street.

(4) LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES - 02017-2533

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) tree grates on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5235 South Harper Avenue.

(4) LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES - 02017-2534

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) trash containers on the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5235 South Harper Court.

(4) OLD FRANKLIN, LLC - 02017-2535

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 537 South Dearborn Street.

(4) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-2537

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 48 East Roosevelt Road.

(4) ROOM FORTY THREE - 02017-2392

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1041?1043 East 43rd Street.

(5) 5242 s. HYDE PARK BLVD., LLC - 02017-3089

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1658 East 53rd Street.

(5) 5242 s. HYDE PARK BLVD., LLC - 02017-3090

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1648 East 53rd Street.

(5) TBD - 02017-2539

To construct, install, maintain and use seven (7) foundation supports (concrete
foundation footings) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as
1401-1411 East 53rd Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(6)

(6)

(7)

(7)

(3)

(8)

(8)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(10)

MORGAN FOOD CORP., LLC - 02017-2547

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6600 South Morgan Street.

MORGAN FOOD CORP., LLC - 02017-2550

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6600 South Morgan Street.

KENNEDY FISH CHICKEN - 02017-3091

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2425 East 72nd Street.

- 02017-3092

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1951 East 95th Street.

HAPPY FOOD - LIQUOR - 02017-2553

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 7901 South Cottage Grove
Avenue.

AFRICAN HAIR BRAIDING - 02017-2396

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1956 East 79th Street.

METROPCS - 02017-3093

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7501 South Jeffery Boulevard.

STEPPING STONES EARLY CHILDHOOD LEARNING CENTER - 02017-2398

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1300 East 75th Street.

HYPE ANGELS, INC. - 02017-2554

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 11135 South Michigan Avenue.

CLARETIAN ASSOCIATES, INC. - 02017-2558

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 9100 South Burley Avenue.

RESTAURANT - 02017-3094

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 9211 South Commercial Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(10)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(12)

RESTAURANT PIZZERIA - 02017-2561

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10063 South Ewing Avenue.

PMG UV INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02017-2567

To construct, install, maintain and use nineteen (19) caissons under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 710 West 14th Street.

UNIVERSITY COMMONS CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02017-2571

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) area well under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1110-1150 West 15th Street.

UNIVERSITY COMMONS VI CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02017-2574

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) area wells under the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1111?1 151 West 14th Place.

VAN CLEEF HAIR STUDIO - 02017-2577

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1255 South Halsted Street.

ZHOU CAFE - 02017-2580

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1029 West 35th Street.

LA CASA DE SAMUEL RESTAURANT - 02017-3095

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2834 West Cermak Road.

LITTLE VILLAGE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-2584

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3252 West 25th Street.

LITTLE VILLAGE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-2590

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3301 West 25th Street.

LITTLE VILLAGE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-2605

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3327 West 25th Street.

LITTLE VILLAGE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-2609

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3356 West 25th Street.

SUBWAY - 02017-3096

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2759 West Cermak Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(12)

(13)

(13)

(14)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(15)

(18)

(20)

(20)

(20)

WESTERN CULLEN HAYES, INC. - 02017-2611

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fire shutters projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2700 West 36th Place.

ELEGANT NAILS OF CHICAGO CORPORATION - 02017-3098

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6223 West 63rd Street.

LA FIESTA BAKERY - 02017-3097

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6424 South Pulaski Road.

GORDITAS AGUASCALIENTES - 02017-2618

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5249 South Kedzie Avenue.

BUBBLY DYNAMICS, LLC - 02017-2621

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space on the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1400 West 46th Street.

BUBBLY DYNAMICS, LLC - 02017-2625

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) fences on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1400 West 46th Street.

FACTORY DIRECT HOSIERY, INC. - 02017-2627

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4627 South Ashland Avenue.

LANG EXTERIOR - 02017-2630

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2323 West 59th Street.

ABRA AUTO BODY GLASS - 02017-3099

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3363 West Columbus Avenue.

1ST RESPONSE EMS, INC. - 02017-3100

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6027 South Wentworth Avenue.

PARKWAY GARDENS PRESERVATION L.P. 02017-2636

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) fence/gate on the on the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 6331 South Calumet Avenue.

PARKWAY GARDENS PRESERVATION, L.P. - 02017-2639

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) occupation of space on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 6331-6599 South Calumet Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(20)

(20)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(24)

(24)

(25)

QUAM-NICHOLS COMPANY - 02017-2642

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (parking) on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 234 East Marquette Road.

WHITESIDE LIQUORS, INC. - 02017-2645

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 425 East 63rd Street.

YOUNG DISCOUNTS - 02017-2647

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 821 East 63rd Street.

LIQUORS - 02017-3101

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1615 West 79th Street.

GIOVANNI LIQUORS, INC. - 02017-2648

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4237 West 26th Street.

KEY DISCOUNT BEAUTY SUPPLY - 02017-3102

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2550 South Pulaski Road.

OPORTUN, INC. - 02017-2651

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4013 West 26th Street.

OSTIONERIA RESTAURANT EL EL TECOLOTE - 02017-2654

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3519 West 26th Street.

VELAZQUEZ JEWELERS, LTD. - 02017-3103

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3544 West 26th Street.

MOSES AUTO TIRE REPAIR, INC. - 02017-3105

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3256 West Cermak Road.

LIQUORS - 02017-3104

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3530 West Roosevelt Road.

23RD WENTWORTH, LLC - 02017-2700

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2348?2358 South Wentworth Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

I25)

ABRA AUTO BODY GLASS - 02017-3106

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1014 West Van Buren Street.

CACTUS BAR GRILL- 02017-3107

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 404- 412 South Wells Street

CYCLE STUDIO - 02017-2655

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1206 West Madison Street.

DIGITAL CAPITAL PARTNERS - 02017-2657

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 725 South Wells Street.

FOX CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-2659

To construct, install, maintain and use twenty-one (21) balconies projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1432 West 21st Street.

JULIA ZIZUMBO - 02017-2661

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2249 West Cullerton Street.

JULIA ZIZUMBO - 02017-2664

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2249 West Cullerton Street.

NETRALITY PROPERTIES - 02017-2671

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 717 South Wells Street.

NETRALITY PROPERTIES- 02017-2673

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) manhole under the public right? of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 717 South Wells Street.

TACO BURRITO KING - 02017-2404

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 405 South Wells Street.

TARGET STORE T2781- 02017-2677

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right- of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1101 West Jackson Boulevard.

TARGET STORE T2781 - 02017-2681

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty-six (26) fences on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1101 West Jackson Boulevard.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

TARGET STORE T2781 - 02017-2683

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) irrigation systems under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1101 West Jackson Boulevard.

TARGET STORE T2781 - 02017-2686

To construct, install, maintain and use twenty?six (26) planters on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1101 West Jackson
Boulevard.

TARGET STORE T2781 - 02017-2689

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sheeting under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1101 West Jackson Boulevard.

THE CROSS ROADS BAR GRILL - 02017-2403

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1120 West Madison Street.

UNION LEAGUE BOYS GIRLS CLUB - 02017-2694

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2157 West 19th Street.

UNION LEAGUE BOYS GIRLS CLUB - 02017-2698

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2157 West 19th Street.

CRICKET WIRELESS, LLC - 02017-3108

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3337 West North Avenue.

LUCKY PIZZERIA - 02017-3109

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1950 North Kimball Avenue.

1500 VENTURE, LLC - 02017-2835

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1500 West Carroll Avenue.

401 NORTH ABERDEEN CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2837

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 401 North Aberdeen Street.

854 WEST RANDOLPH, LLC - 02017-2840

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) earth retention systems under the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 846-854 West Randolph Street.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

ANTHROPOLOGIE - 02017-3112

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1008 West Randolph Street.

CHINA PHOENIX CHINESE RESTAURANT - 02017-2408

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2459 West Madison Street.

GOOSE ISLAND BEER CO. - 02017-3110

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1800 West Fulton Street.

HAYMARKET PUB BREWERY - 02017-2413

To construct, maintain and use nine (9) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 737-747 West Randolph Street.

KAMEHACHI - 02017-3113

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1531 North Wells Street.

MAY STREET, LLC - 02017-2797

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) foundation supports (footing) under the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 216 North May Street.

METRIC COFFEE CO. - 02017-3111

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2021 West Fulton Street.

NEW MANAGEMENT, LTD. - 02017-2416

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 213 North Morgan Street.

OLD TOWN AQUARIUM - 02017-2800

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1538 North Wells Street.

PARAMOUNT EVENTS - 02017-2803

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1746-1758 West Lake Street.

PUBLICAN QUALITY MEATS - 02017-2807

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises know as 825 West Fulton Market.

SHARPVISION MODERN LASIK - 02017-2810

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 145 West North Avenue.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(28)

(28)

(29)

(29)

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-2826

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 904 West Washington Boulevard.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-2819

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 102 North Peoria Street.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-2821

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 106 North Peoria Street.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-2825

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 904 West Washington Boulevard.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-2829

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 106-108 North Peoria Street.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-2833

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 900-908 West Washington
Boulevard.

VITA FOOD PRODUCTS, INC. - 02017-2834

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2222 West Lake Street.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02017-3114

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3900 West Madison Street.

WORLD DISCOUNT AUTO - 02017-2842

To maintain and use as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 800 South Western Avenue.

FOOD LIQUOR, INC. - 02017-2844

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5575 West Van Buren Street.

NAILS 1 - 02017-3115

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5938 West North Avenue.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(30)

(30)

(30)

(31)

(31)

(31)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

OPORTUN, INC. - 02017-2848

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3300 North Pulaski Road.

FRESH MARKET - 02017-2846

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5630 West Belmont Avenue.

VALU MOST LIQUORS - 02017-3116

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3263 North Pulaski Road.

BP GAS STATION - 02017-3118

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4444 West Fullerton Avenue.

FAMILY PRIDE LAUNDROMAT - 02017-3117

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3101-3103 North Cicero Avenue.

MAVERICK AUTO PARTS - 02017-2851

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2801 North Central Avenue.

24 SEVEN OUTDOOR - 02017-3119

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3150 North Racine Avenue.

24 SEVEN OUTDOOR, LLC - 02017-3120

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2334 West North Avenue.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02017-3122

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2196 North Elston Avenue.

CELEBRITY SKIN COUTURE AIR TAN, LLC - 02017-2420

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1652 West North Avenue.

COREPOWER YOGA - 02017-3121

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3232 North Lincoln Avenue.

HERMITAGE INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2859

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) staircase on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1644 North Hermitage Avenue.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(35)

HERMITAGE INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2860

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) guardrails on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1644 North Hermitage Avenue.

HERMITAGE INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2862

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) window well under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1644 North Hermitage Avenue.

HERMITAGE INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2865

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) concrete wall on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1644 North Hermitage Avenue.

LEFT COAST FOOD JUICE - 02017-2421

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2878 North Lincoln Avenue.

THE BAER LOFTS IN BUCKTOWN CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2854

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1927 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PRESTIGE FOOD LIQUOR - 02017-2423

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 321 0 West Montrose Avenue.

PRESTIGE FOOD LIQUOR - 02017-2668

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3210 West Montrose Avenue.

PRESTIGE FOOD LIQUOR - 02017-3123

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3210 West Montrose Avenue.

AM THAI RESTAURANT - 02017-2426

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3254 West Montrose Avenue.

DAVEED LIQUOR FOOD - 02017-2682

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3158 West Montrose Avenue.

OPORTUN, INC. - 02017-2693

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3221 West Lawrence Avenue.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02017-3128

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2865 North Milwaukee Avenue.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(36)

(35)

(36)

(37)

(37)

EDWARD JONES - 02017-3125

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3416 West Diversey Avenue.

EL PACIFICO, INC - 02017-3124

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3534 West Fullerton Avenue.

8: BLOCK - 02017-3126

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2878 North Milwaukee Avenue.

LAWRENCE EYE CARE, LLC - 02017-3127

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3711 West Lawrence Avenue.

UNISEX HAIR DESIGN - 02017-2706

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3454 West Diversey Avenue.

FINER FOODS ENTERPRISES, INC. - 02017-2715

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3607 West Fullerton Avenue.

AMIGO TIRE SHOP - 02017-2429

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5940 West Grand Avenue.

BETTER WEST AUTO REPAIR - 02017-2723

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5835 West Grand Avenue.

BODY SHOP - 02017-2739

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5807 West Grand Avenue.

STOCK SAVE 1 - 02017-2744

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4535 West Armitage Avenue.

CHICAGO LARAMIE CURRENCY EXCHANGE, INC. - 02017-2747

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5135 West Chicago Avenue.

FOOD LIQUOR, INC. - 02017-2753

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4154-4158 West Division Street.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(38)

(39)

(39)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(41)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

CHICAGO FIL-AM SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST CHURCH - 02017-3129

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3920 North Central Avenue.

CASA DEI BAMBINI MONTESSORI - 02017-2431

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4967 North Elston Avenue.

DRIVE IN - 02017-3130

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4126 West Montrose Avenue.

FRIEDMAN PLACE - 02017-2780

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5517 North Lincoln Avenue.

GOOSEFOOT - 02017-2433

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2656 West Lawrence Avenue.

GUS GIORDANO DANCE SCHOOL - 02017-3131

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5230 North Clark Street.

HOPLEAF BAR - 02017-2784

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5148 North Clark Street.

ARBY REALTY BUILDERS - 02017-2787

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5801 North Northwest Highway.

TACO BURRITO KING 02017-3132

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5509 North Harlem Avenue.

111 WEST ILLINOIS STREET, LLC - 02017-2822

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 111 West Street.

200 N. MICHIGAN OWNER, LLC - 02017-3133

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 201 North Garland Court.

360 WEST HUBBARD JOINT VENTURE, LLC - 02017-2815

To construct, install, maintain and use nineteen (19) planters on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 360 West Hubbard Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

550 ST. CLAIR, INC. - 02017-2832

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 550 North Saint Clair Street.

750, LLC - 02017-2448

To construct, maintain and use ten (10) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 750 North Orleans Street.

900 N. MICHIGAN, LLC - 02017-2830

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ventilation well under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 900 North Michigan Avenue.

900 NORTH MICHIGAN, LLC - 02017-2824

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 900 North Michigan Avenue.

900 NORTH MICHIGAN, LLC - 02017-2827

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) grease separators under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 900 North Michigan Avenue.

BAR LUPO - 02017-2691

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 217 West Huron Street.

BAR TOMA - 02017-2696

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 110 East Pearson Street.

BAR TOMA - 02017-2701

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of Space for a glass and
metal greenhouse on the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 110 East
Pearson Street.

BAR TOMA - 02017-2702

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 110 East Pearson Street.

BRUNCH - 02017-2435

To construct, maintain and use six (6) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 644 North Orleans Street.

CHAMPS #15074 - 02017-2709

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 100-112 South State Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

I42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

I42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

CHAMPS #15074 - 02017-2712

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 100-112 South State Street.

CHICAGO LOOP ALLIANCE - 02017-2718

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 30 North Michigan Avenue.

CHICAGO OAK STREET PARTNERS, LLC - 02017-2720

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 51 East Oak Street.

CITY CAT DOCTOR - 02017-3136

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 North Wells Street.

CLUB QUARTERS - 02017-2724

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 75 East Wacker Drive.

DEVON SEAFOOD GRILL - 02017-2437

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 39 East Chicago Avenue.

DEVON SEAFOOD GRILL - 02017-3140

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 39 East Chicago Avenue.

FLAGSHIP CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-2734

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 25 East Oak Street.

HART 353 NORTH CLARK, LLC - 02017-2736

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) earth retention systems under the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 353 North Clark Street.

JBC FUNDS 33 NORTH LASALLE, LLC - 02017-2737

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tunnel under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 33 North LaSalle Street.

JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION - 02017-2741

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 423 East Ohio Street.

KINZIE ST. CHOP HOUSE - 02017-2743

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 400 North Wells Street.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

LEW PREMIUM FOODSERVICE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-2748

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 663 North Michigan Avenue.

LIFE STORAGE CENTERS, LLC - 02017-2438

To construct, maintain and use fourteen (14) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 325 West Ohio Street.

LMV RIVER NORTH HOLDINGS, LP - 02017-2750

To construct, install, maintain and use ten (10) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 675 North Wells Street.

LOU PIZZERIA - 02017-2440

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 439 North Wells Street.

- 02017-2755

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ornamental entrance on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 111 North State Street.

PANERA BREAD - 02017-2443

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2 North Michigan Avenue.

PNC BANK - 02017-2445

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 873 North Rush Street.

PONTE GADER CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-2760

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter curbs on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 58 East Oak Street.

NAIL SPA BOUTIQUE - 02017-3135

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 512 North Franklin Street.

RENAISSANCE CHICAGO HOTEL - 02017-2763

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1 West Wacker Drive.

SILVER TOWER CHICAGO CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION, LLC - 02017-2786

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) fences on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Ohio Street.

SIX NORTH MICHIGAN CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2781

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty?eight (38) balconies projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6 North Michigan Avenue.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIX NORTH MICHIGAN CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2783

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6 North Michigan Avenue.

ST. JOHN - 02017-2789

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 116 East Oak Street.

THE ESCAPE GAME CHICAGO - 02017-2729

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 42 East Ontario Street.

THE HALAL GUYS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-3134

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 180 North Wabash Avenue.

THE INDIAN GARDEN RESTAURANT - 02017-3137

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 247 East Ontario Street.

THE MOXY HOTEL - 02017-2757

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) windows and frames projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 530 North LaSalle Drive.

THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02017-2768

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) elevator under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02017-2772

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sheeting under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 118 West Erie Street.

THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02017-2775

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 118 West Erie Street.

THE RICHARD H. DRIEHAUS MUSEUM - 02017-2777

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light poles on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 40-50 East Erie Street.

THE SILVERSMITH HOTEL SUITES - 02017-2778

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 10-14 South Wabash Avenue.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) THOR 133 STATE, LLC - 02017-2791

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty-five (25) light fixtures projecting over
the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 133 South State Street.

(42) THOR 133 STATE, - 02017-2792

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 133 South State Street.

(42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-2795

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5 North Wells Street.

(42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-2798

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 19 North Wells Street.

(42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-2801

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 35 North Wells Street.

I42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3138

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 45 North Wells Street.

(42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3139

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 47 North Wells Street.

(42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3141

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 177 West Washington Street.

(42) WEBER GRILL RESTAURANT - 02017-2804

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 539 North State Street.

(42) WLS TELEVISION, INC. - 02017-2808

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security guard booth on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 190 North State Street.

(43) CATCH - 02017-2620

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2723 North Clark Street.

(43) DAVID GROSSMAN - 02017-2622

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) ice melt systems under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1840 North Orchard Street.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

HOMESERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC - 02017-2483

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1214-1216 West Webster Avenue.

LINCOLN AVENUE SOCIAL - 02017-2624

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2263 North Lincoln Avenue.

MASSAGE ENW SPA LINCOLN PARK - 02017-3144

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1845 North Clybourn Avenue.

MELLOS CARRY OUTS - 02017-3143

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2100 North Clark Street.

SUPPER CLUB - 02017-2628

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2438 North Lincoln Avenue.

SUPPER CLUB - 02017-2631

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2438 North Lincoln Avenue.

ONION WEBSTER ENTERPRISES - 02017-2634

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1224 West Webster Avenue.

ONION WEBSTER ENTERPRISES - 02017-2637

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1224 West Webster Avenue.

TEAM REHABILITATION PHYSICAL THERAPY - 02017-2640

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2727 North Clark Street.

URBAN ENVIRONMENTS - 02017-2486

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1712 North Halsted Street.

VISION WORKS #837 - 02017-3142

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2701 North Clark Street.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

I44)

(44)

(44)

1000 LIQUORSI BIG CITY TAP - 02017-2592

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1000-1012 West Belmont
Avenue.

3439 NORTH HALSTED, LLC - 02017-2596

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3439 North Halsted Street.

HARVEST OUTDOOR, INC. - 02017-2545

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2860 North Clark Street.

HYDRATE ELIXIR - 02017-2494

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3452 North Halsted Street.

TAVERN - 02017-2548

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3207 North Clark Street.

LARK - 02017-2552

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3441 North Halsted Street.

MONSIGNOR - 02017-3145

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3019 North Broadway.

REPLAY - 02017-2566

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3439 North Halsted Street.

TAVERN, LTD. - 02017-1284

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) diagonal parking on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 809 West Roscoe Street.

SOUTHPORT GROCERY AND CAFE, INC. - 02017-2501

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3552 North Southport Avenue.

SPORTS CORNER - 02017-2575

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 952-956 West Addison Street.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

DONUTS COFFEE - 02017-2570

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3300 North Broadway.

STARBUCKS COFFEE - 02017-2581

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) flag pole projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3549 North Sheffield Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE - 02017-2585

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3549 North Sheffield Avenue.

THE LUCKY HORSESHOE LOUNGE - 02017-2557

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) flag poles projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3169 North Halsted Street.

THE LUCKY HORSESHOE LOUNGE - 02017-2563

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3169 North Halsted Street.

WHOLE FOODS MARKET - 02017-2588

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3201 North Ashland Avenue.

DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3146

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5255 North Milwaukee Avenue.

LOU PIZZERIA - 02017-2536

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3986 North Avondale Avenue.

HAIR SALON - 02017-2504

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4005 North Elston Avenue.

NATIONAL QUIK CASH - 02017-2538

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4820 West Irving Park Road.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02017-3149

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4531 North Broadway.

FIRST STOP FOOD MART, INC. - 02017-2532

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4425 North Sheridan Road.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(46)

(46)

(45)

(46)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

RK SALON - 02017-2597

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 835 West Sheridan Road.

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS - 02017-3147

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 918 West Montrose Avenue.

TOLOTZIN MEXICAN CUISINE, LLC - 02017-2601

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4431 North Broadway.

UPTOWN BIKES - 02017-3148

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4653 North Broadway.

1801 BYRON, LLC - 02017-2525

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) pipe projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1801 West Byron Street.

BARBA YIANNI TAVERNA, INC. - 02017-2510

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4761 North Lincoln Avenue.

BARBA YIANNI TAVERNA, INC. - 02017-3151

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4761 North Lincoln Avenue.

BIEN THAI - 02017-2516

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3900 North Lincoln Avenue.

FLIP SALON - 02017-2604

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3726 North Lincoln Avenue.

HACIENDA LA AMISTAD RESTAURANT CORPORATION - 02017-2521

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1914 West Montrose Avenue.

HAND STONE MASSAGE AND FACIAL SPA OF CHICAGO - 02017-3153

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3210 North Lincoln Avenue.

KANE INSURANCE GROUP, INC. - 02017-3150

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4016 North Lincoln Avenue.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(48)

(48)

(49)

(49)

(49)

(49)

(49)

(49)

OLD TOWN SCHOOL OF FOLK MUSIC - 02017-2523

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) bicycle racks on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 4544 North Lincoln Avenue.

REVIVE SKIN CARE MEDSPA, LLC - 02017-2614

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4860 North Clark Street.

THE PIGGERY - 02017-2607

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1625 West Irving Park Road.

YOGURT SQUARE - 02017-3152

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4701 North Lincoln Avenue.

BIG JONES - 02017-2644

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5347 North Clark Street.

BMO HARRIS BANK - 02017-3154

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5711 North Clark Street.

1330-1332 ALBION - 02017-2489

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1332 West Albion Avenue.

ARCHDIOCESE OF CHICAGO - 02017-2947

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1120 West Loyola Avenue.

JEANNE OLSON JEFFERY OLSON - 02017-2470

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1615 West Fargo Avenue.

LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02017-2475

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (athletic field) on
the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1101 West Loyola Avenue.

SAFARI LOUNGE AND ETHIOPIAN CUISINE - 02017-3155

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 7124 North Clark Street.

THE COMMON CUP - 02017-2467

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1501-1503 West Morse Avenue.

27

ORDINANCES FDR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

I50) GARDEN OF EDEN MEDITERRANEAN RESTAURANT - 02017-2650

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 7156 North California Avenue.

(50) LASANI ZABIHA MEAT GROCERY - 02017-3156

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2445 West Devon Avenue.

28

ORDERS FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(1)

(2)

(2)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(8)

(18)

(27)

(33)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

CANOPIES

CP WEST DIVISION, LLC - 02017-2530

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1640 West Division Street.
CAMBRIA CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE - 02017-2600

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 166 East Superior Street.
CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-2617

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1118 North State Street.
RESTAURANT - 02017-2633

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1447 East 53rd Street.
T-MOBILE - 02017-2646

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1451 East 53rd Street.

TBD - 02017-2635
To maintain and use (7) canopies located at 1401-1411 East 53rd Street.

SACRED MEMORIES AT SLAUGHTER FUNERAL HOME - 02017-2666
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2024 East 75th Street.

MR. ANTON I. HANANIA - 02017-2678

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 8301 South Pulaski Road.
110 N. CARPENTER, LLC - 02017-2690

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 110 North Carpenter Street.
YUSHO - 02017-2697

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2853 North Kedzie Avenue.

BAR TOMA - 02017-2714
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 110 East Pearson Street.

CLARGRAN, LLC - 02017-2722

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 515 North Clark Street.
CLARGRAN, LLC - 02017-3022

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 66 West Illinois Street.
CLUB QUARTERS - 02017-2731

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 75 East Wacker Drive.
FAIRBANKS AT CITYFRONT PLAZA CONDOMINIUM - 02017-2742

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 240 East Illinois Street.
LMV RIVER NORTH HOLDINGS, LP - 02017-2752

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 675 North Wells Street.

29

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(46)

(47)

(43)

(50)

CANOPIES

BANQUETS ON GRAND - 02017-2761

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 111 West Grand Avenue.
METROPOLIS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-2776

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 8 West Monroe Street.
SPUSB 181 W. MADISON, LLC - 02017-2779

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 181 West Madison Street.
THOR 133 STATE, LLC - 02017-2782

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 133 South State Street.
ACADIA CLARK-DIVERSEY - 02017-2806

To maintain and use (7) canopies located at 2727 North Clark Street.
DAIRY QUEEN LINCOLN PARK - 02017-2788

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2200 North Lincoln Avenue.
FIRST STOP FOOD MART, INC. - 02017-2828

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 4425 North Sheridan Road.
VIA LIMA RESTAURANT - 02017-2839

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 4024 North Lincoln Avenue.
EDGEWATER BEACH APARTMENTS - 02017-2863

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5555 North Sheridan Road.
DAALLO MEAT GROCERY, INC. - 02017-2875

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2742 West Devon Avenue.

30

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(1) CAFFE GELATO - 02017-2269

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2034 West Division Street.

(1) DOS URBAN CANTINA - 02017-2270

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2829?2831 West Armitage Avenue.

(1) EASY BAR - 02017-2271

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1944 West Division Street.

(1) FIVE STAR BAR GRILL - 02017-2273

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1424 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) FONDA FRONTERA - 02017-2274

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1471 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) FURIOUS SPOON - 02017-2276

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1571 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) FURIOUS SPOON - 02017-2277

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2410 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) HASH - 02017-2279

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1357 North Western Avenue.

(1) KATHERINE ANNE CONFECTIONS - 02017-2280

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2745 West Armitage Avenue.

(1) MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02017-2281

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1760 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) LIFEWAY KEFIR SHOP - 02017-2282

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1745 West Division Street.

(1) LINKS TAPROOM - 02017-2285

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1559 North Milwaukee Avenue.

31

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(1) AMERICAN FOOD - 02017-2287

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1801 West Division Street.

(1) MR. LOUNGE - 02017-2289

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2301 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) NATIVE FOODS CAFE - 02017-2292

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right?Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1484 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) NORI CHICAGO - 02017-2295

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1393 North Milwuakee Avenue.

(1) OSTERIA LANGHE - 02017-2298

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2824 West Armitage Avenue.

(1) PARLOR PIZZA BAR - 02017-2301

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1824-1826 West Division Street.

(1) PIZZA-METRO - 02017-2304

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1707 West Division Street.

(1) PUB ROYALE - 02017-2308

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2049 West Division Street.

(1) RED SQUARE - 02017-2309

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1914?1916 West Division Street.

(1) SCONE CITY - 02017-2310

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1632 West Division Street.

(1) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2636 - 02017-2312

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1701 West Division Street.

(1) SWIG - 02017-2314

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1469 North Milwaukee Avenue.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGEIN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(1) TRYZUB RESTAURANT - 02017-2317

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2201 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) TUMANS - 02017-2319

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2159 West Chicago Avenue.

(2) CAMBRIA CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE - 02017-2288

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 166 East Superior Street.

(2) CHICAGO - 02017-2290

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1160 North Dearborn Street.

(2) NAN DO MILANO TRATTORIA - 02017-2299

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2114 West Division Street.

(2) OLD TOWN PIZZA PUB - 02017-2291

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1339 North Wells Street.

(2) PELAGO - 02017-2300

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 201 East Delaware Place.

(2) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2294

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1625 North Damen Avenue.

(2) RA SUSHI - 02017-2303

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1139 North State Street.

(2) STARBUCKS COFFEE #13468 - 02017-2306

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 East Delaware Place.

(2) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2215 - 02017-2305

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 828 North State Street.

(2) THE PAW - 02017-2296

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2524 North Southport Avenue.

33

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(2) WELLS 0N WELLS - 02017-2307

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1617 North Wells Street.

(3) VICTORY TAP - 02017-2321

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1416 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) ASIAN OUTPOST - 02017-2322

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1313?1315 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) CHEF LUCIANO - 02017-2323

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 43?51 East Cermak Road.

(3) FLO SANTO - 02017-2324

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1310 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) GIOCO - 02017-2325

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right?Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1312-1314 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) SOUTH LOOP - 02017-2327

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent tO its
premises located at 1736 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) KURAH - 02017-2330

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1355 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) BAR GRILL - 02017-2332

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2105 South State Street.

(3) SOUTH COAST - 02017-2335

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent tO its
premises located at 1700 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) TAPAS VALENCIA - 02017-2337

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent tO its
premises located at 1530 South State Street.

(3) THE SCOUT - 02017-2334

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1301 South Wabash Avenue.

34

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(3)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

SIDEWALK CAFES

WABASH TAP - 02017-2340

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1233 South Wabash Avenue.

WAFFLES CHICAGO - 02017-2341

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1400 South Michigan Avenue.

WEATHER MARK TAVERN - 02017-2343

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1503 South Michigan Avenue.

ARTISTS CAFE - 02017-2326

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1150 South Wabash Avenue.

AU BON PAIN - 02017-2329

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 829 South Wabash Avenue.

BEEZZEE - 02017-2331

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 424 South Wabash Avenue.

- 02017-2336

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 338 South Plymouth Court.

- 02017-2339

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 343 South Dearborn Street.

DOLLOP COFFEE CO. AT THE FISHER BUILDING - 02017-2348

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 343 South Dearborn Street.

DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-2350

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 39 West Jackson Boulevard.

DUNKIN DONUTS BASKIN ROBBINS - 02017-2352

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 600 South Wabash Avenue.

TACOS, LLC - 02017-2354

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 725 South Dearborn Street.

35

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(5)

SIDEWALK CAFES

ROW - 02017-2356

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 7'31?7?33 South Dearborn Street.

TAVERN - 02017-2357

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 701 South Dearborn Street.

MELI CAFE ON DEARBORN - 02017-2359

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 500 South Dearborn Street.

NIU - 02017-2361

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 888 South Michigan Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2362

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 542 South Dearborn Street.

ROTI MODERN MEDITERRANEAN - 02017-2363

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1526 East 53rd Street.

SOCIALE AND CAFE PRESS - 02017-2365

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 800 South Clark Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #226 - 02017-2367

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1530 East 53rd Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #282 - 02017-2368

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 555 South Dearborn Street.

THE SIT DOWN - 02017-2364

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1312 East 53rd Street.

UMAI - 02017-2370

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 730 South Clark Street.

PERI PERI CHICKEN - 02017-2344

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1447 East 53rd Street.

36

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(13)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

SIDEWALK CAFES

26TH STREET SUGAR SHACK - 02017-2366

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 630 West 26th Street.

BRIDGEPORT COFFEE HOUSE, INC. - 02017-2345

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3101 South Morgan Street.

BUFFALO WINGS AND RINGS - 02017-2346

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3434 South Halsted Street.

CORK AND KERRY ON 33RD - 02017-2351

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3258 South Princeton Avenue.

GALATA - 02017-2353

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 717 West Maxwell Street.

KATHY - 02017-2355

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3642 South Parnell Avenue.

MEXICAN RESTAURANT - 02017-2360

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 733 West Maxwell Street.

EL SOLAZO - 02017-2369

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5600 South Pulaski Road.

BUSY BURGER - 02017-2371

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1120 West Taylor Street.

BUTTERFLY SUSHI BAR AND THAI CUISINE ON MADISON STREET - 02017-2373

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1131 West Madison Street.

CACTUS BAR GRILL - 02017-2376

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 404-412 South Wells Street.

CHURRO FACTORY, INC. - 02017-2377

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2214 South Wolcott Avenue.

37

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(26)

SIDEWALK CAFES

 

CROSSTOWN FITNESS - 02017-2380

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1031 West Madison Street.

BOARD AND HOUSE - 02017-2383

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1223-1227 West 18th Street.

GRK GREEK KITCHEN - 02017-2388

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 400 South Wells Street.

LA FONTANELLA - 02017-2389

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2414 South Oakley Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH SHOP - 02017-2394

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1018 South Canal Street.

- 02017-2395

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 960-962 West 18th Street.

THE GREAT AMERICAN BAGEL ENTERPRISES, INC. - 02017-2387

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1154 West Madison Street.

THE MADISON BAR KITCHEN - 02017-2391

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1027 West Madison Street.

TUTTO ITALIANO - 02017-2397

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 501 South Wells Street.

VERNON PARK TAP - 02017-2399

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1073 West Vernon Park Place.

BAR MARTA - 02017-2381

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2700 West Chicago Avenue.

CAFE MARIE-JEANNE - 02017-2382

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1001 North California Avenue.

38

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(26) DAMN FINE COFFEE BAR - 02017-2385

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3317 West Armitage Avenue.

(26) DARK MATTER COFFEE - 02017-2386

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 736-738 North Western Avenue.

(26) TAcos AND PIZZA - 02017-2390

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2534 West Division Street.

(26) LA PLENA RESTAURANT - 02017-2393

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2617 West Division Street.

(26) CACHE SABROSO, INC. - 02017-2405

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2517 West Division Street.

(26) ROOTSTOCK WINE BEER BAR - 02017-2409

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 954 North California Avenue.

(26) SCOFFLAW - 02017-2412

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3201-3203 West Armitage Avenue.

(26) SPLIT-RAIL - 02017-2414

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2500 West Chicago Avenue.

(26) THE FERNS - 02017-2334

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1002 North California Avenue.

(27) ALHAMBRA PALACE RESTAURANT - 02017-2458

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1240 West Randolph Street.

(27) Au CHEVAL - 02017-2460

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 800 West Randolph Street.

(27) BAD HUNTER - 02017-2462

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 802 West Randolph Street.

39

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BAR SIENA - 02017-2465

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 832 West Randolph Street.

BUTTERFLY SUSHI THAI CUISINE ON CHICAGO AVE. - 02017-2468

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1421 West Chicago Avenue.

BUTTERFLY SUSHI BAR AND THAI CUISINE - 02017-2472

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1139?1143 West Grand Avenue.

BUZZ BAIT - 02017-2474

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1529 North Wells Street.

CRUZ BLANCA AND LENA BRAVA - 02017-2484

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 900-906 West Randolph Street.

- 02017-2490

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 752 North Ogden Avenue.

DUCK DUCK GOAT - 02017-2493

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 851-857 West Fulton Market.

DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-2497

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1015 West Lake Street.

EL CHE BAR - 02017-2506

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 845 West Washington Boulevard.

FARMHOUSE - 02017-2508

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 228 West Chicago Avenue.

- 02017-2512

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 917-923 West Randolph Street.

FORNO ROSSO ON RANDOLPH - 02017-2515

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1048 West Randolph Street.

40

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(27) GIRL 8. THE GOAT - 02017-2519

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 809?813 West Randolph Street.

(27) GYU-KAKU RESTAURANT - 02017-3074

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right?Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1364 West Randolph Street.

(27) HAYMARKET PUB BREWERY - 02017-2527

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to
its premises located at 737?741 West Randolph Street.

(27) HQ BEERCADE ll - 02017-2540

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 213 West Institute Place.

(27) JP. GRAZIANO GROCERY CO., INC. - 02017-2542

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 901 West Randolph Street.

(27) - 02017-2544

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1531 North Wells Street.

(27) KANELA BREAKFAST CLUB - 02017-2546

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1552 North Wells Street.

(27) LA FOURNETTE, LLC - 02017-2549

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1547 North Wells Street.

(27) LITTLE GOAT DINER - 02017-2556

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 818-822 West Randolph Street.

(27) LONE WOLF - 02017-2559

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 806 West Randolph Street.

(27) MACELLO RISTORANTE - 02017-2562

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1235-1237 West Lake Street.

(27) MAMA MILANO - 02017-2565

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1419 North Wells Street.

41

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

SIDEWALK CAFES

 

- 02017-2576

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 840 West Randolph Street.

NEXT RESTAURANT - 02017-2578

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 953-955 West Fulton Market.

NOHEA CAFE - 02017-2579

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1312 West Madison Street.

PEREZ MEXICAN FOOD - 02017-2582

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 853-855 West Randolph Street.

PIZZERIA DEL MERCATO - 02017-2583

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1154 West Fulton Market.

PUBLICAN QUALITY MEATS - 02017-2589

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 825 West Fulton Market.

ROISTER - 02017-2593

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 951 West Fulton Market.

RONERO - 02017-2595

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 738 West Randolph Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #11719 - 02017-2599

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 116 South Halsted Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #14433 - 02017-2603

To maintain and use a portion of the pUblic right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 946 West Randolph Street.

THE CORNED BEEF FACTORY SANDWICH SHOP - 02017-2479

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1009-1011 West Lake Street.

THE EASTMAN EGG CO. - 02017-2502

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 937-939 West Randolph Street.

42

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(27) THE MARKET BY FOXTROT - 02017-2569

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1019 West Lake Street.

(27) THE MATCHBOX - 02017-2572

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 770 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(27) THE PUBLICAN - 02017-2586

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 837 West Fulton Market.

(27) TSUKIJI FISH MARKET, INC. - 02017-2606

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1156 West Grand Avenue.

(27) TWO - 02017-2610

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1132-1138 West Grand Avenue.

(27) UMAMI BURGER - 02017-2612

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 945 West Randolph Street.

(27) VIAGGIO - 02017-2615

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1330 West Madison Street.

(28) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2400

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1459 West Taylor Street.

(29) ABRAM GALE - 02017-2401

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2366-2370 North Neva Avenue.

(29) CAFE #10 - 02017-2402

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2625 North Harlem Avenue.

(30) BREW BREW COFFEE LOUNGE - 02017-2407

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3832 West Diversey Avenue.

(30) PALETERIA ALEX - 02017-2410

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5420 West Fullerton Avenue.

43

 FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(31) TAQUERIA EL KACHETON - 02017-2417

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2446 North Laramie Avenue.

(32) ANI - 02017-2434

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3056 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) - 02017-2436

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1721 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(32) AZUCAR BAR GRILL - 02017-2439

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2647 North Kedzie Avenue.

(32) BEAT KITCHEN - 02017-2444

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2100 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) PUB - 02017-2447

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1944 North Oakley Avenue.

(32) HOT DOGS - 02017-2450

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1876 North Damen Avenue.

(32) IPSENTO - 02017-2452

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2035 North Western Avenue.

(32) JAM - 02017-2453

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3057 West Logan Boulevard.

(32) - 02017-2471

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1653-1655 West Cortland Street.

(32) ON ROSCOE - 02017-2478

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2005 West Roscoe Street.

(32) LULA CAFE - 02017-2430

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2537-2543 North Kedzie Boulevard.

44

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(33)

(35)

(35)

SIDEWALK CAFES

 

LUSH WINE SPIRITS - 02017-2488

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2232-2234 West Roscoe Street.

MASA AZUL - 02017-2495

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2901 West Diversey Avenue.

NEW WAVE COFFEE, LLC - 02017-2498

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3103 West Logan Boulevard.

GRILL - 02017-2505

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3000 North Lincoln Avenue.

SAME DAY CAFE - 02017-2511

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2651 North Kedzie Avenue.

TURQUOISE CAFE - 02017-2514

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2147 West Roscoe Street.

BANNER - 02017-2518

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2100 West Roscoe Street.

VOLO RESTAURANT - 02017-2520

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2008 West Roscoe Street.

LITTLE BUCHAREST BISTRO - 02017-2541

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3661-3665 North Elston Avenue.

PITCHFORK FOOD SALOON - 02017-2543

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2922-2924 West Irving Park Road.

CHIYA CHAI CAFE - 02017-2551

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2770 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CROWN LIQUORS - 02017-2555

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2821 North Milwaukee Avenue.

45

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(33)

(38)

(33)

(38)

(39)

(39)

SIDEWALK CAFES

EL PACIFICO, INC. - 02017-2560

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3534 West Fullerton Avenue.

LAFARINE BAKERY #2 - 02017-2790

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2909 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PARTS AND LABOR - 02017-2564

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2700 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ROJO GUSANO - 02017-2568

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3830 West Lawrence Avenue.

TACOS TEQUILAS - 02017-2573

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2919 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CAFE PRAGUE - 02017-2587

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6710-6712 West Belmont Avenue.

- 02017-2591

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5739 West Irving Park Road.

EURO CAFE - 02017-2594

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3435 North Harlem Avenue.

GEO. NOTTOLI SON, INC. - 02017-2598

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 7652 West Belmont Avenue.

SUPAROSSA - 02017-2602

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4250 North Central Avenue.

PADDY - 02017-2419

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4157 North Pulaski Road.

RASMOS - 02017-2422

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4788 North Elston Avenue.

46

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

5077 KIKO MEAT MARKET - 02017-2632

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5077 North Lincoln Avenue.

BEL-AMI RESTAURANT - 02017-2608

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5530 North Lincoln Avenue.

FIRESIDE TAVERN AND GRILL - 02017-2613

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5739?5741 North Ravenswood Avenue.

GYROS II, INC. - 02017-2616

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5540 North Lincoln Avenue.

LA GOZADERA LATIN RESTAURANT BAR - 02017-2619

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2542-2544 West Peterson Avenue.

LEADWAY LIQUORS CAFE - 02017-2623

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5233 North Damen Avenue.

SUNSET PHO CAFFE - 02017-2629

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5726 North Western Avenue.

THE RED LION LINCOLN SQUARE - 02017-2626

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4749-4753 North Rockwell Street.

FIREWATER SALOON - 02017-2424

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6689-6695 North Oliphant Avenue.

3 GREENS MARKET - 02017-2973

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 354 West Hubbard Street.

312 CHICAGO - 02017-2976

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 136 North LaSalle Street.

ARTISTS CAFE - 02017-2638

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 412 South Michigan Avenue.

47

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:
SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(42) AVEC - 02017-2641

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 615 West Randolph Street.

(42) BAR LUPO - 02017-2643

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 217 West Huron Street.

(42) BASKIN ROBBINS - 02017-2649

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 31 East Adams Street.

(42) BLACKBIRD - 02017-2652

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 619 West Randolph Street.

(42) BOMBAY WRAPS - 02017-2653

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 122 North Wells Street.

(42) BOSS BAR - 02017-2656

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 418?420 North Clark Street.

(42) BOTTLEFORK - 02017-2658

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 441 North Clark Street.

(42) KITCHEN, INC. - 02017-2663

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 233 West Superior Street.

(42) BROKEN ENGLISH TACO PUB - 02017-2667

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 75 East Lake Street.

(42) CAFFECAFE - 02017-2670

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 East Wacker Drive.

(42) CHICAGO FRENCH MARKET - 02017-2675

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 131 North Clinton Street.

(42) CHICK-FIL-A LOYOLA WATER TOWER - 02017-2680

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 30 East Chicago Avenue.

48

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(42) STATE AND LAKE - 02017-2685

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 177 North State Street.

(42) CLUB LAGO - 02017-2687

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 331 West Superior Street.

(42) COCO PAZZO CAFE - 02017-2692

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 212 East Ohio Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2704

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 120 South LaSalle Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2707

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 224 South Michigan Avenue.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2710

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 360 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2716

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 35 East Monroe Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2719

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 56 West Randolph Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2726

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 676 North Saint Clair Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02017-2730

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 188 West Washington Street.

(42) COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - 02017-2746

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 165 East Ontario Street.

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-2749

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 117 South Clinton Street.

49

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-2754

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 27 East Lake Street.

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-2758

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 205 West Wacker Drive.

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS BASKIN ROBBINS - 02017-2765

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 East Ohio Street.

(42) EL HEFE - 02017-2767

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 15 West Hubbard Street.

(42) ELEPHANT CASTLE PUB RESTAURANT - 02017-2770

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 185 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) FADO IRISH PUB - 02017-2812

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 100 West Grand Avenue.

(42) TACOS - 02017-2814

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 46 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) FRIENDS SUSHI - 02017-2820

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 710 North Rush Street.

I42) FRONTERA - 02017-2823

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 443-447 North Clark Street.

(42) GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE c0. - 02017-2831

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 400-410 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE SHOP SODA FOUNTAIN - 02017-2836

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 118 East Pearson Street.

(42) GILT VAULT - 02017-2847

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 228-230 West Kinzie Street.

50

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

GODDESS AND THE BAKER - 02017-2850

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 33 South Wabash Avenue.

GRK GREEK KITCHEN - 02017-2853

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 West Monroe Street.

GT FISH OYSTERS - 02017-2855

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 531 North Wells Street.

GYU-KAKU RESTAURANT - 02017-2857

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 210 East Ohio Street.

HARD ROCK HOTEL - 02017-2870

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 224230 North Michigan Avenue.

HARD ROCK HOTEL - 02017-2872

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 224-230 North Michigan Avenue.

HOTEL MONACO - 02017-2873

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 225 North Wabash Avenue.

IMPERIAL LAMIAN - 02017-2874

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6 West Hubbard Street.

IRONSIDE BAR GALLEY - 02017-2876

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 546 North Wells Street.

LE COLONIAL - 02017-2877

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 937 North Rush Street.

LE PAIN QUOTIDIEN - 02017-2878

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 135 North Clinton Street.

LE PAIN QUOTIDIEN - 02017-2879

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 10 East Delaware Place.

51

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

LE PAIN QUOTIDIEN - 02017-2880

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 20 North Michigan Avenue.

LIZZIE MCNEILLS - 02017-2881

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 400 North McClurg Court.

LYFE KITCHEN - 02017-2883

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 413-419 North Clark Street.

LYFE KITCHEN - 02017-2885

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 259 East Erie Street.

- (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 802017-2891

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 North State Street.

MAGNOLIA BAKERY - 02017-2894

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 108 North State Street.

MED KITCHEN - 02017-2900

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 219 West Washington Street.

MERCADITO CHICAGO - 02017-2913

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 108?1 10 West Kinzie Street.

MEZCALINA - 02017-2917

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 333 East Benton Place.

MIKE RESTAURANT - 02017-2921

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 100 East Chestnut Street.

CANTINA - 02017-2924

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 149-155 West Kinzie Street.

PLACE - A CHICAGO GATHERING SPOT - 02017-2930

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 650 North Dearborn Street.

52

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

MRS. FIELDS COOKIES - 02017-2931

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 32 East Randolph Street.

MY THAI - TAKUMI RESTAURANT - 02017-2933

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 555 West Madison Street.

NAANSENSE - 02017-2934

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 113 South Clinton Street.

NEW REBOZO CHICAGO - 02017-2937

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 46 East Superior Street.

NICO - 02017-2939

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1015 North Rush Street.

NIU - 02017-2941

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 332 East Illinois Street.

- 02017-2944

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 29 West Hubbard Street.

PUBLIC HOUSE - 02017-2946

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 541 North Wells Street.

OLD CROW SMOKEHOUSEITUNNEL - 02017-2951

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 149?151 West Kinzie Street.

OYSY - 02017-2963

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 50 East Grand Avenue.

PANE CALDO RESTAURANT - 02017-2965

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 East Chestnut Street.

PIZZERIA UNO CHICAGO BAR GRILL - 02017-2967

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 29 East Ohio Street.

53

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS #100 - 02017-2966

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 209 South LaSalle Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-2952

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 57 East Chicago Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-2962

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 547 West Jackson Boulevard.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-2968

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 545 West Madison Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-2970

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 South Michigan Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2956

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 508 North Clark Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2959

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 175 West Jackson Boulevard.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2964

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 North LaSalle Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2974

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 277 East Ontario Street.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02017-2977

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 190 North State Street.

PRANZI - 02017-2979

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 434 West Ontario Street.

PRIME PROVISIONS - 02017-2981

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 222 North LaSalle Street.

54

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

PUBLIC HOUSE - 02017-2983

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 400 North State Street.

QDOBA MEXICAN EATS #2154 - 02017-2985

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 175 West Jackson Boulevard.

QDOBA MEXICAN EATS #2621 - 02017-2986

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 100 North LaSalle Street.

RANDOLPH TAVERN - 02017-2988

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 188 West Randolph Street.

ROANOKE - 02017-2989

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 135 West Madison Street.

ROKA AKORIENOLO WINE BAR - 02017-2991

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 West Illinois Street.

ROTI 200 WEST RANDOLPH, LLC - 02017-3004

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 West Randolph Street.

ROTI MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02017-2994

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 310 West Adams Street.

ROTI MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02017-2996

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 33 North Dearborn Street.

ROTI MODERN MEDITERRANEAN - 02017-2999

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 80 East Lake Street.

ROTI MODERN MEDITERRANEAN - 02017-3001

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 121 North Clinton Street.

SALERO - 02017-3007

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 621-623 West Randolph Street.

55

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

SIDEWALK CAFES

SIENA TAVERN - 02017-3009

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 51 West Kinzie Street.

DONUTS ERIE STREET - 02017-3010

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 259 East Erie Street.

SU CASA - 02017-3011

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 49 East Ontario Street.

TAVERN AT THE PARK - 02017-3013

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 130 East Randolph Street.

THE CONGRESS HOTEL - 02017-2699

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 520 South Michigan Avenue.

THE FRANKLIN TAP - 02017-2817

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 325 South Franklin Street.

THE MARQ - 02017-2897

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 60 West Adams Street.

THE ORIGINAL EAST OF CHICAGO - 02017-2954

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 500 North LaSalle Drive.

THE ORIGINAL PANCAKE HOUSE - 02017-2957

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 22 East Bellevue Place.

THE RUIN DAILY - 02017-3006

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 328 South Jefferson Street.

THE TALBOTT HOTEL - 02017-3012

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 10?20 East Delaware Place.

TONI PATISSERIE - 02017-3014

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 65 East Washington Street.

56

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

TRADITION - 02017-3015

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 160 North Franklin Street.

UB DOGS - 02017-3016

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 185 North Franklin Street.

VAPIANO - 02017-3017

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 44 South Wabash Avenue.

VHC LOWER, LLC - 02017-3018

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 203 North Wabash Avenue.

CHICAGO-CITY CENTER - 02017-3019

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 172 West Adams Street.

WALGREENS #15921 - 02017-3020

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 410 North Michigan Avenue.

WEST EGG CAFE - 02017-2910

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 620 North Fairbanks Court.

GRAND CHICAGO RIVERFRONT - 02017-2969

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 71 East Wacker Drive.

XOCO - 02017-2971

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 65 West Illinois Street.

ATHENIAN ROOM RESTAURANT - 02017-2660

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 807 West Webster Avenue.

BASIL LEAF - 02017-2662

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2461-2465 North Clark Street.

BIOGRAPH DINER, INC. - 02017-2665

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2441-2445 North Lincoln Avenue.

57

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BUTCHER THE BURGER - 02017-2669

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1021 West Armitage Avenue.

CAMPUS DOGS AND DELI - 02017-2676

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2273 North Lincoln Avenue.

CHOPOCHICKEN - 02017-2679

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2460 North Clark Street.

DEL SEOUL - 02017-2684

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2568?2570 North Clark Street.

FIESTA MEXICANA RESTAURANT - 02017-2672

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2423 North Lincoln Avenue.

REST DELI, INC. - 02017-2711

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2552-2554 North Clark Street.

GEMINI BISTRO - 02017-2717

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2075 North Lincoln Avenue.

GROGGERY - 02017-2725

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2158 North Halsted Street.

KAMEYA - 02017-2733

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 806 West Webster Avenue.

LA CROSTA WOODFIRE PIZZERIA ITALIANA - 02017-2738

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2360 North Lincoln Avenue.

LINCOLN PARK STADIUM BAR AND GRILL - 02017-2745

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2423 North Clark Street.

TAVERN GRILLE - 02017-2756

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 950 Webster Avenue.

58

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

SIDEWALK CAFES

PARS COVE EAST - 02017-2759

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 435 West Diversey Parkway.

PIZZERIA - 02017-2762

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2679 North Lincoln Avenue.

POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-2764

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 959 West Diversey Parkway.

SHINE RESTAURANT - 02017-2766

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 752?756 West Webster Avenue.

- 02017-2769

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1112 West Armitage Avenue.

TARASCAS INTERNATIONAL - 02017-2771

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2585 North Clark Street.

VANILLE PATTISSERIE - 02017-2773

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2108 North Clark Street.

VINCI - 02017-2774

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1732 North Halsted Street.

BEEF - 02017-2674

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3420 North Clark Street.

ARGO TEA - 02017-2688

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3135 North Broadway.

AVENUE TAVERN - 02017-2695

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2914-2916 North Broadway.

BAR COCINA - 02017-2703

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2901 North Sheffield Avenue.

59

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BEEZZEE - 02017-2705

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2807 North Sheffield Avenue.

BOBTAIL SODA FOUNTAIN - 02017-2708

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2951 North Broadway.

CAFE APPETITO - 02017-2713

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3332 North Broadway.

CAFE TOLA - 02017-2721

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3612 North Southport Avenue.

TABLE - 02017-2727

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3124 North Broadway.

BLARNEY STONE - 02017-2728

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3422?3424 North Sheffield Avenue.

COZY NOODLES RICE - 02017-2732

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3456 North Sheffield Avenue.

DIVE BAR - 02017-2735

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3445 North Halsted Street.

ESENCIA URBAN KITCHEN - 02017-2740

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3351 North Broadway.

FRESH FISH MARKET - 02017-2905

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1258 West Belmont Avenue.

FISHBAR - 02017-2908

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2956 North Sheffield Avenue.

FLIK INTERNATIONAL CORP. - 02017-2915

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3443 North Southport Avenue.

60

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

SIDEWALK CAFES

FROYO CHICAGO CAFE - 02017-2919

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3746 North Southport Avenue.

HATSU HANA SUSHI ASIAN KITCHEN - 02017-2928

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3136 North Broadway.

ICEBOX - 02017-2929

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2943 North Broadway.

MFK - 02017-2932

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 432 West Diversey Parkway.

MONSIGNOR - 02017-2935

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3019 North Broadway.

MORTAR AND PESTLE - 02017-2938

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3108 North Broadway.

MUSIC BOX THEATRE - 02017-2942

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3733-3735 North Southport Avenue.

PERI-PERI - 02017-2961

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 670 West Diversey Parkway.

NOOKIES TREE, LTD. - 02017-2953

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3334 North Halsted Street.

PASTA AL GUSTO - 02017-2972

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3737 North Southport Avenue.

PASTORAL 02017-2975

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2945-2947 North Broadway.

PING PONG - 02017-2978

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3322-3326 North Broadway.

61

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

SIDEWALK CAFES

- 02017-2980

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3358 North Sheffield Avenue.

RISE RESTAURANT - 02017-2982

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3401 North Southport Avenue.

TAVERN, LTD. - 02017-2984

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3354-3356 North Halsted Street.

SHIAWASE - 02017-2987

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3422 North Broadway.

STARBUCKS #231 - 02017-2992

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3400 North Southport Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #227 - 02017-2990

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3358 North Boradway.

SUSHI BURRITO - 02017-2993

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2904 North Broadway.

TANUKI - 02017-2995

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3006 North Sheffield Avenue.

THE GRAYSTONE TAVERN - 02017-2923

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3441 North Sheffield Avenue.

TROY MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02017-2997

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2908 North Broadway.

UNCOMMON GROUND - 02017-2998

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3800-3804 North Clark Street.

VENICCI PIZZA - 02017-3000

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3343 North Halsted Street.

62

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(45)

SIDEWALK CAFES

WAKAMONO - 02017-3002

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3313-3317 North Broadway.

WINDY CITY SWEETS - 02017-3003

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3308 North Broadway.

WOOD - 02017-3005

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3335 North Halsted Street.

CAFE - 02017-3008

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3257 North Halsted Street.

PUBLIC HOUSE - 02017-2793

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5901 West Lawrence Avenue.

HOPS AND BARLEY - 02017-2794

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4359?4361 North Milwaukee Avenue.

HOT DOG EXPRESS - 02017-2796

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4300 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MCM PUB LIQUORS - 02017-2799

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3906-3910 North Cicero Avenue.

FOOD 8: DRINKS - 02017-2802

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4326-4328 West Irving Park Road.

POTBELLY SANDWICH SHOP - 02017-2805

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4185 West Irving Park Road.

ROUND UP BAR-GRILL - 02017-2809

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3930 North Cicero Avenue.

SMOQUE BBQ - 02017-2811

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3800 North Pulaski Road.

63

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(45)

(45)

SIDEWALK CAFES

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2568 - 02017-2813

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4365 West Irving Park Road.

THE WINDSOR - 02017-2818

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4530 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PUB - 02017-2816

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5485 North Northwest Highway.

ANGELINA RISTORANTE - 02017-2838

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3561 North Broadway.

CORONAS CAFE, INC. - 02017-2843

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 909 West Irving Park Road.

CREW BAR GRILL - 02017-2845

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4804 North Broadway.

DEMERA ETHIOPIAN RESTAURANT - 02017-2849

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4801 North Broadway.

DOLLOP COFFEE AND TEA - 02017-2852

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4181 North Clarendon Avenue.

FIESTA MEXICANA CORPORATION - 02017-2856

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4806 North Broadway.

PUP IN THE RUF, INC. - 02017-2858

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4401 North Sheridan Road.

KIT KAT LOUNGE AND RESTAURANT - 02017-2861

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3700 North Halsted Street.

RESTAURANT, INC. - 02017-2864

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4089-4091 North Broadway.

64

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(46) NORTH BUENA MARKET - 02017-2866

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4200 North Broadway.

(46) PIZZERIA - 02017-2867

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3702-3704 North Broadway.

(46) TAC QUICK - 02017-2869

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1011 West Irving Park Road.

(46) THE BAR ON BUENA - 02017-2841

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 910 West Buena Avenue.

(46) BISTRO 750 - 02017-2871

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 750 West Cornelia Avenue.

(47) AMPERSAND WINE BAR - 02017-2889

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4845 North Damen Avenue.

(47) BALE SANDWICH AND BAKERY - 02017-2893

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5014 North Broadway.

(47) BAREBURGER - 02017-2896

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3357 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) CAFE RESTAURANT ART - 02017-2899

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4658 North Rockwell Street.

(47) CHICAGO - 02017-2902

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2252-2256 West Irving Park Road.

(47) BAKERY, INC. - 02017-2906

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3329 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) EL MAYA - 02017-3073

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1522-1526 West Montrose Avenue.

65

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(47) FLAGSHIP TAVERN GRILL - 02017-2909

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1622 West Belmont Avenue.

(47) - 02017-2914

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4756-4760 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) CHICAGO - 02017-2940

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2251 West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) LE CAFE - 02017-2943

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4655 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) CANDIES - 02017-2945

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1813 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS #114 - 02017-2948

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4709 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) SAVANNA RESTAURANT - 02017-2949

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4111 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) THE GLOBE PUB - 02017-2936

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1934 West Irving Park Road.

(47) THE GRAFTON PUB GRILL - 02017-2920

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4530 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) WATERHOUSE TAVERN AND GRILL - 02017-2950

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3407 North Paulina Street.

(47) WISHBONE RESTAURANT - 02017-2955

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3300 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) YIN DEE RESTAURANT - 02017-2958

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1824 West Addison Street.

66

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(43)

(48)

(43)

(48)

(43)

(43)

(48)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

YOGURT SQUARE - 02017-2960

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4701 North Lincoln Avenue.

63 BAR GRILL - 02017-2907

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6341-6343 North Broadway.

A TASTE OF HEAVEN - 02017-2887

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5401 North Clark Street.

RESTAURANT - 02017-2882

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5253 North Clark Street.

CHICAGO GRIND - 02017-2895

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5256 North Broadway.

BRYN MAWR - 02017-2890

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1039 West Mawr Avenue.

- 02017-2888

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5419 North Clark Street.

KANELA - 02017-2901

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5413 North Clark Street.

MANGO PICKLE - 02017-2898

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5842 North Broadway.

METROPOLIS COFFEE COMPANY - 02017-2886

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1039-1041 West Granville Avenue.

REVIVAL SOCIAL CLUB - 02017?2904

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1133 West Granville Avenue.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2445 - 02017-2892

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1052-1070 West Mawr Avenue.

67

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(48) THE LITTLE CORNER SNACK SHOP - 02017-2384

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5937 North Broadway.

(49) ROGERS PARK - 02017-2912

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6431 North Sheridan Road.

(49) LITTLE UNICOCO RESTAURANT - 02017-2911

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1629-1631 West Howard Street.

(50) CAFE - 02017-2922

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2407 West Lunt Avenue.

(50) NORTH STAR RESTAURANT, - 02017-2916

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6246 North Western Avenue.

(50) ROZANA - 02017-2918

TO maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6118-6120 North Lincoln Avenue.

(50) SHEESH MAHAL DHABA, INC. - 02017-2925

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6355 North Maplewood Avenue.

(50) VIA VENETO - 02017-2927

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6340 North Lincoln Avenue.

68

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(4)

(15)

(16)

(20)

(24)

(25)

CRG REAL ESTATE SOLUTIONS - 02017-1964

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CRG
REAL ESTATE SOLUTIONS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1980 North
Milwaukee Avenue.

LUTHERAN DAY NURSERY ASSOCIATION - 02017-1963

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LUTHERAN DAY NURSERY ASSOCIATION from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1802
North Fairfield Avenue.

LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-2250

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Lake Park Associates on February 22, 2017, and printed upon page 43676 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language concerning
the compensation amount.

EASY FINANCE AUTO GROUP - 02017-2038

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
EASY FINANCE AUTO GROUP from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5601-5623 South
Western Avenue.

MARTINEZ AUTO SERVICE - 02017-1976

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MARTINEZ AUTO SERVICE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5825 South
Western Avenue.

WILSON PROPERTY MANAGEMENT - 02017-1981

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
WILSON PROPERTY MANAGEMENT from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6835
South South Chicago Avenue.

POLK PLACE CONDOMINIUMS ASSOCIATION - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-2248

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Polk Place Condominiums Association on October 14, 2015 and printed upon page 9938
of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting
language regarding the term of the grant of privilege.

1215 W. MADISON - 02017-2040

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 1215
W. MADISON from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1215 West Madison Street.

69

MISCELLANEOUS 

WARD
(27)

(27)

(28)

(30)

(30)

(32)

(33)

BRIARPATCH LANDSCAPING - 02017-2043

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BRIARPATCH LANDSCAPING from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2100 West Lake
Street.

CHICAGO WET STORAGE - 02017-2041

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CHICAGO WET STORAGE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3123-3125 West
Chicago Avenue.

DREAM CHEF RESTAURANT - 02017-2099

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
DREAM CHEF RESTAURANT from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 601-611 South
California Avenue.

3856 W. DIVERSEY, LLC - 02017-1918

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 3856
W. DIVERSEY, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3856 West Diversey
Avenue/2807 North Springfield Avenue.

BELMONT CHILD CARE CENTER - 02017-1916

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
BELMONT CHILD CARE CENTER from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5724
West Belmont Avenue.

2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-3023

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2500
MILWAUKEE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2500 North Milwaukee
Avenue.

AMERICA TRANSFERS, INC. - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-2243

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
America Transfers, Inc. on March 18, 2015 and printed upon page 104040 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions and compensation amounts.

70

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(33)

(33)

(33)

(39)

(39)

(39)

(39)

(44)

AUTOMOTIVE REPAIRS, INC. - 02017-2044

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 
AUTOMOTIVE REPAIRS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3849 North Kedzie
Avenue.

RDG 4330 CALIFORNIA, LLC - 02017-2046

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RDG
4330 CALIFORNIA, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4328?4332 North
California Avenue.

LITTLE ANGELS DAY CARE - 02017-1977

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LITTLE ANGELS DAY CARE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4247 North Austin
Avenue.

DOLAN - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 802017-1965

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate North Sauganash Avenue from North Lemont
Avenue to North Keene Avenue (6278 North to 6297 North) as, "Monsignor Dolan Drive."

LMN MECHANICAL - 02017-1978

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt LMN
MECHANICAL from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4211-4213 North Elston Avenue.

NORTHSIDE SOUNDS - 02017-1979

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
NORTHSIDE SOUNDS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4956 North Elston Avenue.

WILLIAMS LANDSCAPING - 02017-1980

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
WILLIAMS LANDSCAPING from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6050 North
Keystone Avenue.

HPL 3334 SOUTHPORT, LLC - 02017-1983

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt HPL
3334 SOUTHPORT, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3334-3336 North
Southport Avenue.

71

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

KKL PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-1982

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt KKL
PROPERTIES, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3526-3530 North Wilton
Avenue.

KONSTANTINOV - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 302017-1988

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate 3600-3785 West Irving Park Road as, "Aleko
Konstantinov Way.".

CHICAGO CAR CORNER - 02017-2048

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CHICAGO CAR CORNER from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4851 North Central
Avenue.

MR. V0 AUTO CLINIC - 02017-2049

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt MR.
V0 AUTO CLINIC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5678 North Milwaukee Avenue.

72

ORDINANCES FOR SUBDIVISIONS AND RESUBDIVISIONS:

WARD

I29) UNO-NATCHEZ AVENUE SCHOOL BUILDING PARCEL SUBDIVISION - 02017-2003

A proposed UNO-Natchez Avenue School building parcel subdivision being a subdivision
of a portion of land in the block bounded by North Natchez Avenue.

73

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DEDICATIONS, OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS OF

 

 

STREETS AND ALLEYS:
WARD
(19) ARHC BCCHIIL01, LLC (VENTAS) - 02017-924

(27)

(27)

(43)

A proposed vacation of the northernmost 16 foot wide east-west public alley in the block
bounded by West 97th Street, West 99th Street, South Western Avenue, and South
Claremont Avenue.

1001 CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-1962

A proposed vacation of the east-west 12 foot wide public alley in the streets bounded by
North Milwaukee Avenue, North Carpenter Street, West Chicago Avenue, North Morgan
Street.

CATHOLIC BISHOP OF CHICAGO (FOR ST. JOHN CANTIUS) - 02017-2016

A proposed time extension for the vacation of the L-shaped, dead-ended alley in the
block bounded by West Fry Street, North Carpenter Street, West Chicago Avenue and
North Sangamon Street.

CTA BROWN ALLEY OPENING - 02017-1973

A proposed opening to vehicular traffic of a section of alley located in the block bounded
by North Bissell Street, West Wisconsin Street, North Sheffield Avenue and West
Armitage Avenue for the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA).

74

