SUMMARY OF REPORTS
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY

Committee Meeting held on May 18, 2017

SUBMITTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL May 24, 2017

50 7"??338
L2 SI Nd 9  



38373 

11-1333

53:;



?ill-ll

I


ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(GRUB - 02017-3362

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1367 North Milwaukee Avenue.

EL BARCO RESTAURANT - 02017-3684

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1035 North Ashland Avenue.

FAMILY DOLLAR #6460 - 02017-3683

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1533-1537 West Chicago Avenue.

MANA FOOD BAR - 02017-3392

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1742 West Division Street.

LOUNGE - 02017-3682

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1734 West Division Street.

NOVA DRIVING SCHOOL - 02017-3687

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2036 North Western Avenue.

PUBLICAN ANKER - 02017-3685

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1576 North Milwaukee Avenue.

- 02017-3364

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2507 West Fullerton Avenue.

THE TABLE - 02017-3686

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2337 West, North Avenue.

AMERICAN GIRL - 02017-3394

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 845 North Michigan Avenue.

COOKING FOOLS, LLC - 02017-3404

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1914 West North Avenue.

CVSI PHARMACY #8698 - 02017-3406

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1165 North Clark Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(2) ELSTON ADVENTURES, LLC - 02017-3407

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1765 North Elston Avenue.

(2) FAIRGROUNDS - 02017-3365

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1620 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) FAIRGROUNDS - 02017-3408

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1620 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) FEDEX OFFICE #5522 - 02017-3409

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 909 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) CANDY FACTORY - 02017-3414

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2105 West Division Street.

(2) LAWRENCE FRIEND - 02017-3410

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1516 North Greenview Avenue.

(2) LAWRENCE FRIEND - 02017-3411

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1516 North Greenview Avenue.

I2) LINCOLN APARTMENT MANAGEMENT LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3415

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 833 North Clark Street.

I2) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3689

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 750 North Lake Shore Drive.

I2) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3690

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 220 East Superior Street.

(2) PURPLE LLAMA COFFEE AND RECORDS - 02017-3688

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2140 West Division Street.

(2) INC. - 02017-3367

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 188 East Walton Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(2) THE - 02017-3691

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2524 North Southport Avenue.

(3) DOGONE FUN, INC. - 02017-3692

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1717 South State Street.

(3) METROPOLITAN VETERINARY CENTER - 02017-3420

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1556 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) SOUTH LOOP URGENT CARE - 02017-3368

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1430 South Michigan Avenue.

(4) ILLINOIS - 02017-3421

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 520 South Federal Street.

(5) B-FLY - 02017-3423

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fire shutters projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2032-2036 East 71st Street.

(5) STATE FARM - 02017-3693

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5508 South Lake Park Avenue.

(6) ALLSTATE -02017-3425

To maintain and use one (1 Sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 227 East 79th Street.

(6) MOON STAR GROCERY, INC. - 02017-3369

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 729-733 West 69th Street.

(7) DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3427

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?Of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 9520 South Jeffrey Avenue.

(8) DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3429

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?Way adjacent to its premises
known as 1425 East 71st Street.

(8) DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3431

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8341 South Cottage Grove.

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(8)

(3)

(9)

(10)

(10)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

CHICKEN - 02017-3695

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8827 South Stony Island Avenue.

TAILO RITE CLOTHING REPAIR CO. - 02017-3694

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8459 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

0 AUTO BUILDERS - 02017-3696

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10554 South Michigan Avenue.

CHICAGO PARK DISTRICT - 02017-3436

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) landscapings on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 8900 South Green Bay
Avenue.

MICHAEL ROMAN AND ASSOCIATES - 02017-3370

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 10537 South Ewing Avenue.

26TH STREET SUGAR SHACK - 02017-3697

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 630 West 26th Street.

CAI HONG HUANG - 02017-3443

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fences on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3360 South Emerald Avenue.

CAI HONG HUANG - 02017-3444

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) staircases on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3360 South Emerald Avenue.

CAI HONG HUANG - 02017-3446

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3360 South Emerald Avenue.

JOSEPH 8: MARY FERRO - 02017-3448

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3601 South Union Avenue.

MEXICO STEAK HOUSE - 02017-3449

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2983 South Archer Avenue.

MEXICO STEAK HOUSE - 02017-3451

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2983 South Archer Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(12)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(13)

(13)

(14)

(14)

(16)

(15)

(16)

(17)

CANTON TIRE SERVICE, INC. - 02017-3700

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3159 West 36th Place.

HUCK FINN DONUTS - 02017-3699

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3414 South Archer Avenue.

LA CENTRAL BAKERY - 02017-3453

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2702 West Cermak Road.

METRO PCS - 02017-3698

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2601 South Kedzie Avenue.

CHICAGO FEDERAL CREDIT UNION - 02017-3701

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6124 West 63rd Street.

RICHARD ANDRISE - 02017-3702

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6746 West 63rd Street.

DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3703

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4314 South Kedzie Avenue.

HAIR CUTTERY - 02017-3455

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4114 South Pulaski Road.

BOOST MOBILE - 02017-3461

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5901 South Kedzie Avenue.

REMOTES AND KEPS DUPLICATE CENTER #2 - 02017-3463

To maintain and use one (1) sign projecting over the public right-of?way attached to its
premises known as 5828 South Western Avenue.

MEXICARE PHARMACY - 02017-3371

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5901 South Troy Street.

FAMILY DOLLAR #5063 - 02017-3704

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7340 South Ashland Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(17)

(17)

(21)

(21)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(23)

FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #6944 - 02017-3705

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2610 West 71st Street.

METRO PCS - 02017-3706

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 406 West 79th Street.

ASHLAND 8: 79TH CURRENCY - 02017-3466

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 7901 South Ashland.

NEW PISGAH DAY CARE - 02017-3468

To maintain and use one (1) sign projecting over the public right-of?way attached to its
premises known as 8130 South Racine Avenue.

ALMA E. GUTIERREZ, D.D.S. - 02017-3470

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 36:03 West 26th Street.

DOLEX - 02017-3471

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4000 West 26th Street.

DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3472

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5018 South Cicero Avenue.

LAVANDARIA SUNSHINE - 02017-3707

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3448-3452 West 26th Street.

LAVANDERIA ATOTONILCO #1 - 02017-3473

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3917 West 26th Street.

PANDERIA CORAL - 02017-3474

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3807 West 26th Street.

TAQUERIA ATOTONILCO #1 - 02017-3475

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3916 West 26th Street.

A-1 TRUCK AUTO SUPPLY - 02017-3708

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5156 South Archer Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE WAY:

WARD
(23)

(24)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(27)

CELLUCOM OUTLET, INC. - 02017-3476

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5856 South Kedzie Avenue.

MARNA HOLDING, LLC - 02017-3478

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1333 South Millard Avenue.

ANTONIOLLI PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3479

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2558 South Blue island Avenue.

ANTONIOLLI PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3481

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2558 South Blue Island Avenue.

EXPERIMAC WEST LOOP - 02017-3372

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1127 West Madison Street.

MAGNUM INSURANCE - 02017-3709

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1700 West Cermak Road.

MOTOWORKS CHICAGO - 02017-3487

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1901 South Western Avenue.

MOTOWORKS CHICAGO - 02017-3660

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1901 South Western Avenue.

NEIGHBORSPACE - 02017-3488

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right?of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 919 West 20th Place.

PLS FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS OF ILLINOIS - 02017-3489

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1958 West Cermak Road.

HAMBURGERS TACOS - 02017-3373

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2406 South Blue Island Avenue.

1500 VENTURE, LLC - 02017-3512

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) door swings on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1500 West Carroll Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(27) AMBASSADOR PUBLIC HOUSE - 02017-3712

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 310 South Halsted Street.

(27) PET STUFF - 02017-3492

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 22 South Halsted Street.

(27) BREATHE BAR - 02017-3493

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-Of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 946 West Randolph Street.

(27) CBS OUTDOOR, INC. - 02017-3494

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) facades on the public right?Of-way
adjacent tO its premises known as 494 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(27) CODEVERSE STUDIOS, LLC - 02017-3496

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) facade projecting on the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 819 West Eastman Street.

(27) CODEVERSE STUDIOS, LLC - 02017-3497

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 819 West Eastman Street.

(27) CODEVERSE STUDIOS, - 02017-3499

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, SIX (6) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 819 West Eastman Street.

(27) CONSUMERS SUPPLY c0. - 02017-3710

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1114 West Lake Street.

(27) ILLINOIS LENDING CORPORATION - 02017-3502

TO maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 724 West Washington Boulevard.

(27) INNA ELTERMAN - 02017-3504

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) ice melt system under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1532 North Wieland Street.

(27) LITTLE GOAT, LLC - 02017-3505

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) balconies projecting over the public
right-Of?way adjacent to its premises known as 820 West Randolph Street.

(27) NEXT RESTAURANT - 02017-3506

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 953?955 West Fulton Market.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(28)

(28)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(31)

PEGASUS RESTAURANT TAVERNA - 02017-3711

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 130 South Halsted Street.

PUBLICAN QUALITY MEATS - 02017-3713

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 825 West Fulton Market.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-3508

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) ice melt system under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 100-108 North Peoria Street.

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-3510

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) ice melt system under the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 900-908 West Washington Boulevard.

WEWORK - 02017-3714

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 210 North Green Street.

EMPIRE HARD CHROME, INC. - 02017-3515

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1537 South Wood Street.

EMPIRE HARD CHROME, INC. - 02017-3517

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sewer under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1537 South Wood Street.

EPIC - 02017-3520

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 330 North Central Avenue.

THE AUTO WAREHOUSE - 02017-3715

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3632-3636 North Cicero Avenue.

FINER FOODS ENTERPRISES, INC. - 02017-3716

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4608 West Belmont Avenue.

FRESH MARKET - 02017-3521

To maintain and use, as now constructed, forty?eight (48) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5630 West Belmont Avenue.

ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02017-3717

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3057 North Cicero Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(31) FAMILY DOLLAR #28348 - 02017-3718

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2845 North Central Avenue.

(31) JIFFY LUBE - 02017-3719

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2940 North Cicero Avenue.

(32) ARTS SPIRTS, LLC - 02017-3542

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1921 North Damen Avenue.

(32) FONSECA MARTIAL ARTS-ROSCOE, LLC - 02017-3573

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2329-2331 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) KSA RETAIL, ELLIOTT - 02017-3590

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1723 North Damen Avenue.

(32) LAKESIDE BANK - 02017-3720

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2800 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) M02 DEVELOPMENT - 02017-3592

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1652 North Bosworth Avenue.

(32) IMPORTED RUGS, INC. - 02017-3721

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3033 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) SOL DE MEXICO TIERRA AZTECA - 02017-3522

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3018 North Cicero Avenue.

(32) SOUNDZ GOOD CHICAGO - 02017-3594

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3447-3449 North Western
Avenue.

(32) WORKROOM - 02017-3599

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1906 West Belmont Avenue.

(33) REVIVAL SPA - 02017-3375

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4507 North Kedzie Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(35)

(35)

(36)

(36)

(37)

(38)

(33)

(38)

(39)

(40)

(40)

(41)

PAWN - 02017-3605

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3633 West Lawrence Avenue.

THE LOGAN THEATRE - 02017-3722

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2648 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CRICKET WIRELESS - 02017-3723

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5025 West Armitage Avenue.

MAMA LUNA RESTAURANT - 02017-3610

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5109 West Fullerton Avenue.

CHICAGO-SPRINGFIELD ACCOUNTING, LLC - 02017-3615

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3848 West Chicago Avenue.

ELECTRONICS - 02017-3523

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6027 West Irving Park Road.

I LOUNGE - 02017-3524

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6835 West Addison Street.

WHITESTAR CLEANERS - 02017-3525

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5401 West Montrose Avenue.

SKY LIQUORS - 02017-3527

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6347 North Milwaukee Avenue.

LSL INDUSTRIES, INC. - 02017-3531

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for parking on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5535 North Wolcott Avenue.

GROCERY - 02017-3380

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2408 West Mawr Avenue.

EDISON PARK INN - 02017-3724

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6711-6715 North Olmsted Avenue.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGELN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(41)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

DOLLS TEDDY BEARS - 02017-3726

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6029 North Northwest Highway.

WATER LILY FLOWER SHOP - 02017-3725

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 7152 West Higgins Avenue.

29 EAST MADISON, LLC - 02017-3586

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 29 East Madison Street.

300 NORTH LASALLE, LLC - 02017-3588

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 300 North La Salle Street.

60 EAST LAKE, LLC - 02017-3736

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 60 East Lake Street.

CAMBRIA HOTEL SUITES - 02017-3731

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 32 West Randolph Street.

CARTIER NORTH AMERICA - 02017-3534

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 630 North Michigan Avenue.

CHRISTOFLE - 02017-3729

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 40 East Oak Street.

CONCRETE COWBOY - 02017-3746

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 646 North Franklin Street.

DOUBLE TREE HOTEL MAGNIFICENT MILE - 02017-3536

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 300 East Ohio Street.

ELEPHANT CASTLE PUB RESTAURANT - 02017-3538

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banners over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 185 North Wabash Avenue.

FARROW 8: BALL - 02017-3551

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 449 North Wells Street.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THEEUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) GRUEN GALLERIES - 02017-3553

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 226 West Superior Street.

(42) GT PRIME - 02017-3556

To maintain and use one (1) wind screen on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 705-707 North Wells Street.

(42) HOUSE OF BLUES - 02017-3734

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 329 North Dearborn Street.

(42) LULULEMON ATHLETICA - 02017-3745

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 930 North Rush Street.

(42) NICO - 02017-3557

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1015 North Rush Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02017-3561

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) caissons under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02017-3737

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 259 East Erie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3738

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 710 North Lake Shore Drive.

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3740

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 303 East Superior Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3741

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-Of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 240 East Huron Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3742

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 301 East Erie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02017-3743

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 321 East Erie Street.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

I42) PUBLIC HOUSE - 02017-3733

TO maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent tO its premises
known as 541 North Wells Street.

(42) ONE EAST WACKER, LLC - 02017-3735

TO maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1 East Wacker Drive.

(42) PANDORA - 02017-3563

To maintain and use six (6) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 533 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) PHYSICIANS IMMEDIATE CARE, LLC - 02017-3744

TO maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 West Adams Street.

(42) PPFIMB N. MICHIGAN AVENUE VENUTRE, LLC - 02017-3567

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-Of?way
adjacent tO its premises known as 669 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) ROTI MODERN MEDITERRANEAN - 02017-3732

TO maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 55 East Jackson Boulevard.

(42) - 02017-3739

TO maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 111 West Wacker Drive.

(42) STEAKHOUSE - 02017-3570

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 415 North Dearborn Street.

(42) TGI - 02017-3730

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent tO its premises
known as 155 East Erie Street.

(42) THE HAMPTON SOCIAL AND THE BASSMENT - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) -
802017-3728

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 351 West Hubbard Street.

(42) VOLARE - 02017-3727

TO maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 201 East Grand Avenue.

(42) WALGREENS #15196 - 02017-3571

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) banners over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 151 North State Street.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) WASHINGTON MADISON WELLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-3585

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 11 North Wells Street.

(43) ARMITAGE CLEVELAND CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-3593

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 500 West Armitage Avenue.

(43) ARMITAGE CLEVELAND CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-3596

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) masonry wall on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 500 West Armitage Avenue.

(43) COLECTIVO COFFEE ROASTERS, INC. - 02017-3601

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2530 North Clark Street.

(43) GEMINI BISTRO - 02017-3747

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2075 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-3603

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) sculpture (public art) on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 2424 North Clark Street.

(43) LINCOLN PARK PIZZA - 02017-3748

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2245 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) VINCI - 02017-3604

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1732 North Halsted Street.

(43) ZENAILS - 02017-3607

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2258 North Lincoln Avenue.

(44) 3300 LAKE SHORE DRIVE CONDOMINIUM Assoc. - 02017-3620

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3300 North Lake Shore Drive.

(44) ADVOCATE ILLINOIS MEDICAL CENTER - 02017-3751

To maintain and use six (6) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 836 West Wellington Avenue.

(44) ATHLETA #4794 - 02017-3753

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3415 North Southport Avenue.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THELUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(46)

AVER - CHICAGO CHAPTER - 02017-3609

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) monument (granite memorial) on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3600 North Halsted Street.

CENTRAL SAVINGS - 02017-3611

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2827 North Clark Street.

CLARK AND WELLINGTON PLAZA CIO MID AMERICA ASSET MANAGEMENT -
02017-3613

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3001-3025 North Clark Street.

DR. JASON GODO DC, SC - 02017-3382

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3118 North Sheffield Avenue.

GOLD CROWN LIQUORS - 02017-3616

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3425 North Clark Street.

LAUGH FACTORY CHICAGO - 02017-3752

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3175 North Broadway.

#646 - 02017-3750

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3131 North Clark Street.

SUBWAY - 02017-3618

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1020 West Belmont Avenue.

THE ROOM SHOP, LLC - 02017-3385

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3420 North Halsted Street.

TRACE - 02017-3749

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3714 North Clark Street.

CHICKEN WORKS AND SALAD CO. - 02017-3754

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3658 West Irving Park Road.

PUP IN THE RUF, INC. - 02017-3622

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4401 North Sheridan Road.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(46)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

I47)

(47)

(47)

(48)

TAC QUICK - 02017-3623

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1011 West Irving Park Road.

#8751 - 02017-3755

To maintain and use ten (10) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4051 North Lincoln Avenue.

DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3386

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2424 West Montrose Avenue.

DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3624

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2424 West Montrose Avenue.

DOLLAR EXPRESS - 02017-3757

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2424 West Montrose Avenue.

COMPLETE AUTO REPAIR SHOP, INC. - 02017-3756

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3658 North Lincoln Avenue.

FIN SUSHI BAR - 02017-3388

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1742 West Wilson Avenue.

LADYBUG FRIENDS DAYCARE AND PRESCHOOL - 02017-3625

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2255 West Lawrence Avenue.

NORTHCENTER CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-3626

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4054 North Lincoln Avenue.

OLD TOWN SCHOOL OF FOLK MUSIC - 02017-3627

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4545 North Lincoln Avenue.

STUDIO 4 HAIR - 02017-3758

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4613 North Lincoln Avenue.

BROADWAY ANTIQUE MARKET - 02017-3628

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6130 North Broadway.

17

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(48)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(48)

(49)

(50)

CHICAGOLAND GAME - THE DICE - 02017-3760

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5550-5552 North Broadway.

CHIU QUON BAKERY - 02017-3629

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1127 West Argyle Street.

EDGE OF SWEETNESS - 02017-3759

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6034 North Broadway.

GRANVILLE DONUTS, INC. DIBIA DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-3630

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1117 West Granville Avenue.

HONG HIEP MOBILE - 02017-3632

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1126 West Argyle Street.

STAR TOUCH CELLULAR - 02017-3761

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1447 West Morse Avenue.

AJWAAH SWEETS - 02017-3762

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2453 West Devon Avenue.

18

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

CANOPIES
WARD

(2) WATER TOWER, LLC - 02017-3393

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 835 North Michigan Avenue.
(16) JIM JANAS - 02017-3395

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5830 South Western Avenue.
(27) TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-3397

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 904 West Washington Boulevard.
(30) FRESH MARKET - 02017-3402

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 5630 West Belmont Avenue.
(32) MILWAUKEE LEAVITT OWNER, LLC - 02017-3403

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1767 North Milwaukee Avenue.
(42) THE CLARE - 02017-3405

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 55 East Pearson Street.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PQBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BLACK BULLIBORDEL - 02017-3374

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1721 West Division Street.

CRAFT PIZZA - 02017-3376

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1252 North Damen Avenue.

EL BARCO RESTAURANT - 02017-3378

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1035 North Ashland Avenue.

EL METRO - 02017-3379

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1959 West Chicago Avenue.

EN HAKKORE 2.0 - 02017-3381

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1467 North Milwaukee Avenue.

FALAFEL 8: GRILL - 02017-3383

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1317 North Milwaukee Avenue.

JIMMY BEANS, A LOGAN SQUARE ROASTER - 02017-3384

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2553 West Fullerton Avenue.

JJ THAI STREET FOOD - 02017-3387

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of'-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1715 West Chicago Avenue.

OIISTAR - 02017-3389

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1385 North Milwuakee Avenue.

RUNA JAPANESE - 02017-3390

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2257 West North Avenue.

THE WORMHOLE - 02017-3391

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1462 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CAFE SUSHI-WELLS - 02017-3396

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1342 North Wells Street.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:
CAFES

 

WARD

(2) CAFECITO - 02017-3393

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 215 East Chestnut Street.

(2) EXPRESSION LAVAZZA - 02017-3399

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 140 East Walton Place.

(2) FAIRGROUNDS - 02017-3412

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1620-1622 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) CAFE - 02017-3413

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 852 North Damen Avenue.

(2) - 02017-3416

TO maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1856 West North Avenue.

(2) PURPLE LLAMA COFFEE AND RECORDS - 02017-3413

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2140 West Division Street.

(2) THE RABBIT HOLE - 02017-3419

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1208 North Wells Street.

(2) TIPAROS THAI RESTAURANT, INC. - 02017-3422

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1540 North Clark Street.

(3) ACADIA RESTAURANT - 02017-3432

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1639 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) CAFE BIONDA - 02017-3433

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1924 South State Street.

(3) RESTAURANT - 02017-3435

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1340 South Michigan Avenue.

(4) BUDDY LEGENDS - 02017-3437

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 700 South Wabash Avenue.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEQEJN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(4)

(16)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

SIDEWALK CAFES

HYATT PLACE CHICAGO SOUTH - 02017-3438

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5225 South Harper Avenue.

KITTY CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-3439

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 720 South Michigan Avenue.

LA CHAPARRITA DE CHICAGO #2 - 02017-3440

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5957 South Kedzie Avenue.

JIMMY - 02017-3441

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1133 West Taylor Street.

TALAY - 02017-3445

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1222 West Madison Street.

THIRD RAIL TAVERN - 02017-3442

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1133 West Madison Street.

CAFE COLAO - 02017-3665

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2638 West Division Street.

NATURALS CO. - 02017-3447

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2054 West Grand Avenue.

9 MUSES BAR GRILL - 02017-3469

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 315 South Halsted Street.

BURTON PLACE - 02017-3450

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1447 North Wells Street.

GREEN STREET LOCAL - 02017-3454

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 130 South Green Street.

WORLD FAMOUS FRIED CHICKEN - 02017-3459

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 847 West Fulton Market.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

I27) SOHO HOUSE CHICAGO - 02017-3462

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 113-125 North Green Street.

(27) THALIA SPICE ASIAN FUSION - 02017-3464

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 833 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) THE DOG HOUSE GRILL - 02017-3452

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1534 North Wells Street.

(30) STAROPOLSKA RESTAURANT - 02017-3477

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3028-3030 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) BEEF BARLEY - 02017-3480

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3001 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) CUBA 312 - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 802017-3482

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2054 West Roscoe Street.

(32) THE GALLERY CAFE - 02017-3484

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1760 West North Avenue.

(32) THE REGION HANDCRAFTED HAMBURGERS - 02017-3485

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2057 West Roscoe Street.

(32) - 02017-3486

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2601-2603 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(35) CASA YARI - 02017-3491

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3268 West Fullerton Avenue.

(35) THE LOGAN THEATRE - 02017-3490

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2646-2648 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(38) -02017-3495

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5353 West Irving Park Road.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVIEQE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(39) -02017-3498

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6213 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(39) PUBLIC HOUSE - 02017-3500

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6148 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(40) CAFE RAFAELO, INC. - 02017-3509

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5645 North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-3516

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5304 North Clark Street.

(40) THE COFFEE STUDIO - 02017-3513

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5628 North Clark Street.

(40) TURKISH CUISINE - 02017-3518

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2546-2548 West Peterson Avenue.

(42) ATWOOD - 02017-3519

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 West Washington Street.

(42) PIZZA - 02017-3540

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 310 South Clinton Street.

(42) CAFFE UMBRIA, INC. - 02017-3544

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 346 North Clark Street.

(42) CELESTE 8. DISCO - 02017-3558

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 111 West Hubbard Street.

(42) COSI - 02017-3566

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 230 West Monroe Street.

(42) CREPE BISTRO - 02017-3575

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 186 North Wells Street.

24

ORDINANCES FOR OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-3578

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 211 West Adams Street.

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS-- 02017-3595

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 93 North Canal Street.

(42) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-3612

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 27 West Lake Street.

(42) DUNKIN ROBBINS - 02017-3583

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 75 East Washington Street.

(42) EINSTEIN BROS. BAGELS #3505 - 02017-3631

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 400 North Dearborn Street.

(42) FERRERO U.S.A., INC. - 02017-3633

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 155 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) FIREFIN POKE SHOP - 02017-3634

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 174 North Franklin Street.

(42) FRESHII - 02017-3639

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 200 West Randolph Street.

(42) GT PRIME - 02017-3641

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 705-707 North Wells Street.

(42) HAVANA GRILL - 02017-3645

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 412 North Clark Street.

(42) INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA - 02017-3653

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 53 East Randolph Street.

(42) JIMMY - 02017-3655

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6 East Madison Street.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)



KAFENIO - 02017-3656

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 162 East Ohio Street.

KAFENIO - 02017-3658

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 27 West Washington Street.

KANELA BREAKFAST CLUB - 02017-3483

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 502 East Illinois Street.

NAF NAF GRILL - 02017-3644

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 14 South Clinton Street.

NAF NAF GRILL - 02017-3648

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 326 North Michigan Avenue.

NAF NAF GRILL - 02017-3651

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 309 West Washington Street.

NESH MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02017-3635

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 205 West Monroe Street.

NONNINA - 02017-3636

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 340 North Clark Street.

POPS FOR CHAMPAGNE - 02017-3638

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 601?605 North State Street.

PROTEIN BAR - 02017-3640

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 352 North Clark Street.

PROTEIN BAR - 02017-3642

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 151 North Michigan Avenue.

PROTEIN BAR - 02017-3643

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 221 West Washington Street.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:
SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(42) TOASTED - 02017-3647

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 540 West Madison Street.

(42) SLURPING TURTLE RESTAURANT - 02017-3649

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 116 West Hubbard Street.

(42) TEA ROOM - 02017-3650

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 105-111 East Delaware Place.

(42) TGI - 02017-3652

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 153 East Erie Street.

(42) THE PEPPER CANISTER - 02017-3637

To maintain and use a portion Of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 509 North Wells Street.

(42) THE SHAMROCK CLUB - 02017-3646

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 210 West Kinzie Street.

(42) TRUE FOOD KITCHEN - 02017-3654

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 West Erie Street.

(42) XANDO COFFEE SANDWICH BAR - 02017-3657

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 116 South Michigan Avenue.

(43) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02017-3541

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 565 West Diversey Avenue.

(43) - 02017-3543

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1935 North Sedgwick Street.

(43) THE BLANCHARD - 02017-3535

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1935 North Lincoln Park West.

(43) THE BUDLONG HOT CHICKEN - 02017-3539

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-Of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to itS
premises located at 1008 West Armitage Avenue.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:
SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(43) THE TWISTED BAKER - 02017-3547

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2475 North Lincoln Avenue.

(44) BUENA VISTA RESTAURANT - 02017-3579

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3147 North Broadway.

(44) NEW BANH Ml co. - 02017-3580

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3141 North Broadway.

(44) PACIUGO 0F BROADWAY - 02017-3582

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3241 North Broadway.

(44) PAIRED - 02017-3584

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3325 North Halsted Street.

(44) PANES BREAD CAFE - 02017-3587

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3002 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) SAKURA TEPPANYAKI AND SUSHI - 02017-3589

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 730 West Diversey Parkway.

(44) WRIGLEYVILLE DAIRY QUEEN - 02017-3591

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3811 North Southport Avenue.

(46) LITTLE - 02017-3602

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3501-3505 North Halsted Street.

(46) RESERVOIR - 02017-3600

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 844 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) BLUE SKY BAKERY CAFE - 02017-3608

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a Sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3720 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) PUB - 02017-3606

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4264 North Lincoln Avenue.

28

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(48) EDGE OF SWEETNESS - 02017-3614

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6034 North Broadway.

(48) INCOME TAX - 02017-3619

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5957-5959 North Broadway.

(48) PHLOUR BAKERY AND CAFE - 02017-3621

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1138 West Mawr Avenue.

(48) THE GROWLING RABBIT - 02017-3617

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5938-5940 North Broadway.

29

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(16)

(22)

(27)

(27)

LOGAN SQUARE OWNER, LLC - 02017-3285

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LOGAN SQUARE OWNER, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2340 North
California Avenue.

SNS REALTY GROUP 1841 N. CALIFORNIA, LLC - 02017-3284

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt SNS
REALTY GROUP 1841 N. CALIFORNIA, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
1837-1841 North California Avenue.

THE LITTLE BEET TABLE - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3458

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for The
Little Beet Table on February 22, 2017, and printed upon page 43827 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions and compensation amounts.

KASI DESIGNS, INC. - 02017-3231

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt KASI
DESIGNS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4528 South Michigan Avenue.

LAUNDRY CONCEPTS, INC. - 02017-3227

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
LAUNDRY CONCEPTS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2135 West 51st
Street.

AUTO SALES, INC. - 02017-3235

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
AUTO SALES, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4381 West Ogden
Avenue.

1K FULTON, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3514

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 1K
Fulton, LLC on October 8, 2014, and printed upon page 92780 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "1 Fulton, and inserting in its
place the words, Fulton Chicago, 

1K FULTON, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3526

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 1K
Fulton, LLC on October 16, 2013, and printed upon page 62636 of the C.J.P. of the City
of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, Fulton, and inserting in
its place the words, Fulton Chicago, 

30

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(31)

(34)

(34)

1K FULTON, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3529

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 1K
Fulton, LLC on September 11, 2013, and printed upon page 60071 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, Fulton, and inserting
in its place the words, Fulton Chicago, 

1K FULTON, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3533

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 1K
Fulton, LLC on September 11, 2013, and printed upon page 60072 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, Fulton, and inserting
in its place the words, Fulton Chicago, 

1K FULTON, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3537

An amendment to an ordianance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for 1K
Fulton, LLC on July 30, 2014, and printed upon page 85990 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, Fulton, and inserting in its
place the words, Fulton Chicago, 

TORIKAGO, LLC - 02017-3239

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
TORIKAGO, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 900-908 West Washington
Boulevard.

VARIABLE PROPERTIES, LLC-880 SERIES - 02017-3241

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
VARIABLE PROPERTIES, SERIES from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 878-
880 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MICHAEL MOTORS, LTD. DIBIA WINDY CITY MOTORS - 02017-3681

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MICHAEL MOTORS, LTD. WINDY CITY MOTORS from the provisions requiring
barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities
located at 2662 North Cicero Avneue.

DELANE HOLT - 02017-3669

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate West 103rd Street from South Elizabeth Street
to South Vicennes Avenue, as "Blair DeLane Holt Way."

LORRAINE R. BROYLS - 02017-3270

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate South Malta Street from West 102nd Street to
West 103rd Street (10200 to 10259 South Malta Street) as, "Dr. Lorraine R. Broyls Way."

31

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(36)

(39)

(42)
(14)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

MANNY AUTO SALES, INC. - 02017-3242

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MANNY AUTO SALES, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2026-2040 North
Cicero Avenue.

PASTA - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3456

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Pasta D'Arte on March 29, 2017, and printed upon page 45290 of the C.J.P. of the City
of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions
and hours of operations.

HONORABLE CLARK BURRUS - 02017-3779

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate South Clark Street between West Madison
Street and West Monroe Street as "The Honorable Clark Burrus Way."

356-366 ERIE, LLC - 02017-3238
An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 356-

366 ERIE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 360 West Erie Street.

BEACON TAVERN - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3501

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Beacon Tavern on March 29, 2017, and printed upon page 45057 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions and compensation amounts.

- (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3507

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Carmine's on March 29, 2017, and printed upon page 45089 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Seating Capacity: 58" and inserting
in its place the words, Seating Capacity: 84."

CHICAGO SELF STORAGE II, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3511

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Chicago Self Storage II, LLC on February 22, 2017, and printed upon page 43650 of the
C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Chicago Self
Storage 11, and inserting in its place the words, "Chicago Self Storage II, 

ROSEBUD-RUSH - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-3503

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Rosebud-Rush on March 29, 2017, and printed upon page 45340 of the C.J.P. of the City
of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Seating Capacity: 84" and
inserting in its place the words, "Seating Capacity: 100."

32

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(45)

(47)

2753 NORTH HAMPDEN COURT - 02017-3229

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2753
NORTH HAMPDEN COURT from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2753 North
Hampden Court.

CLEVELAND MENOMONEE, LLC - 02017-3767

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CLEVELAND MENOMONEE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 509 West
Menomonee Street.

CHICAGO CAR CORNER - 02017-3251

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CHICAGO CAR CORNER from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3620 West Irving
Park Road.

NEW AUTOHAUS, INC. - 02017-3263

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt NEW
AUTOHAUS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4157 North Lincoln Avenue.

33

