MEETING AGENDA

0N AND PUBLIC WAY

Committee Meeting held on
June 22, 2017
at

CiLy Hall

11:06 am. in Room 2017A

H5373 Alli]

3.0 23%338
IS =3 Hd 9  H?f? LIQZ

?u


:"uih? .


95::


.1
_1

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBQC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

EMPORIUM ARCADE BAR - 02017-3994

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1366 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ESTEREO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4620

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2450 North Milwaukee Avenue.

FIVE STAR BAR 8: GRILL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4619

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1424 West Chicago Avenue.

FT WICKER PARK - 02017-4000

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1570 1/2 North Damen Avenue.

FT WICKER PARK - 02017-4008

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1570 1/2 North Damen Avenue.

NEWMAN REALTY SERVICES - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4618

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1047 North California Avenue.

PUBLICAN ANKER - 02017-4001

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1576 North Milwaukee Avenue.

RENEE MEDEMA - 02017-4003

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) fence on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1468 West Ohio Street.

RENEE MEDEMA - 02017-4004

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) step on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1468 West Ohio Street.

SIERRA TIRE SHOP AUTO REPAIR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4621

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2324 North California Avenue.

THE BEDFORD - 02017-4005

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1612 West Division Street.

1410 NOBLE, LLC - 02017-4020

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1410 North Noble Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

AUTHORIZED RETAILER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4649

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2006 West Chicago Avenue.

BULGARI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4644

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 909 North Michigan Avenue.

BURGER KING - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4655

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1215 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4646

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1118 North State Street.

CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4654

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1118 North State Street.

EAST PIZZERIA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4650

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 162 East Superior Street.

INSOMNIA COOKIES - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4653

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1350 North Wells Street.

WINE CELLAR - 02017-4007

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2108 West Division Street.

WINE CELLAR - 02017-4009

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2108 West Division Street.

LA COLOMBE TORREFACTION, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4642

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4 East Elm Street.

LASALLE FLOWERS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4648

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 731 North LaSaIle Drive.

LASALLE FLOWERS, INC. - 02017-4011

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 731 North LaSalle Drive.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(4)

(4)

LAW OFFICE OF IVAN RUEDA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4640

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1217 North Milwaukee Avenue.

LAW OFFICE OF IVAN RUEDA - 02017-4012

To construct, maintain and use five (5) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1217 North Milwaukee Avenue.

RICHARD DRIEHAUS TRUST 1085709 - 02017-4018

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light poles on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1401 North Dearborn Street.

THE LATIN SCHOOL OF CHICAGO - 02017-4015

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) decorative fences on the public right-
of-way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 45 West North
Boulevard.

THE ROYAL GEORGE THEATRE - 02017-4014

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1633 North Halsted Street.

UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR - 02017-4017

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 710 North Clark Street.

VERIZON WIRELESS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4652

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1652 North Milwaukee Avenue.

BAILEY AND BRILL, LLC - 02017-4023

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 103 East 13th Street.

BOOST MOBILE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4658

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 120 East 35th Street.

SOUTH LOOP ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - 02017-4024

To construct, install, maintain and use fifteen (15) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1601 South Dearborn Street.

ESSEX HOTEL OWNER - 02017-4026

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) manhole under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 808 South Michigan Avenue.

W-R2 DEARBORN OWNER LLC - 02017-4028

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) vault under the pubic right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 542 South Dearborn Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(5)

(7)

(3)

(8)

(9)

(10)

5242 HYDE PARK BLVD, LLC - 02017-4019

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1658 East 53rd Street.

JEFFERY BIG MARKET, INC. - 02017-4036

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2016 East 71st Street.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO (FILE #56) - 02017-4054

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) tieback systems under the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5640 South Ellis Avenue.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02017-4043

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5828 South University Avenue.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02017-4040

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 915-919 East 57th Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - TIFFIN CAFE - 02017-4052

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) manholes under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1414 East 59th Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO FILE #12 - 02017-4046

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5700 South University Avenue.

FOOD NO. 2, INC. - 02017-4055

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 8027 South Exchange Avenue.

- (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4660

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8525 South Stony Island Avenue.

METROPCS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4659

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8243 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

CHICAGO FAMILY HEALTH CENTER - 02017-4056

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 570 East 115th Street.

DOLEX DOLLAR EXPRESS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4663

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 9046 South Commercial Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(11)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(12)

(13)

ALL STAR FOOD LIQUOR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4665
To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2919 South Archer Avenue.

BILL PREWITT - 02017-4067

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fire escapes projecting over the pubic
right?of?way adjacent to its premise known as 3845 South Wallace Street.

DENTAL WORLD - 02017-4069

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (building) on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2959 South Wallace Street.

CVSIPHARMACY #8738 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4664

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 741 West 31st Street.

JINN EXPRESS - 02017-4071

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2519 South Halsted Street.

UNIVERSITY COMMONS II CONDO ASSN. - 02017-4080

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sewer under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1000-1070 West 15th Street.

UNIVERSITY COMMONS CONDO ASSN. - 02017-4082

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) landscapings on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1001-1071 West 15th Street.

ARCA DE SALVACION (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4669

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2615 West 35th Street.

ARCA DE SALVACION - 02017-4083

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2615 West 35th Street.

METROPCS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4667

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2601 South Kedzie Avenue.

NEWTEC WINDOW DOOR, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4671

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3159 West 36th Street.

COUNTRY PULASKI AGENCY, INC. - 02017-4021

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5716 South Pulaski Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEQEIN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(13)

(13)

(14)

(14)

(14)

(16)

(15)

(16)

(19)

(19)

(19)

(19)

LAWN BOWLING - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4672

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6750 South Pulaski Road.

WEST LAWN FOODS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4674

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5838 South Pulaski Road.

BRIDGESTONE FIRESTONE FIRST STOP AUTO - 02017-4085

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4811-4819 South Pulaski Road.

POLISH HIGHLANDERS ALLIANCE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4676

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4808 South Archer Avenue.

TAQUERIA HUANDACAREO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4678

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3308 West 55th Street.

ANGEL FOOD, WINE SPIRIT - 02017-4088

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 917-925 West 57th Street.

ANGEL FOOD, WINE 8: SPIRIT - 02017-4089

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 917-925 West 57th Street.

JACKSON HEWITT TAX SERVICE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4683

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2958 West 63rd Street.

BEVERLY BANK AND TRUST COMPANY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4685

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 10221 South Western Avenue.

EVERGREEN PLAZA ASSOCIATES LP - 02017-4065

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 9715-9719 South Western Avenue.

FACE TO FACE - 02017-4068

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3502 West 111th Street.

ORIGINAL RAINBOW CONE, INC. - 02017-4070

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 9233 South Western Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(19)

(19)

(20)

(20)

(20)

(21)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

(22)

SPORTS AND ORTHO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4688

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 10911 South Western Avenue.

TOP-NOTCH BEEFBURGER, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4687

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2116 West 95th Street.

HELLO BABY - 02017-4092

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bicycle racks on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 600 East 61st Street.

HELLO BABY - 02017-4095

To construct, install, maintain and use seven (7) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 600 East 61st Street.

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02017-4098

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6000 South Kenwood Avenue.

SPIRITS BEER WINE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4691

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8103?8107 South Halsted Street.

CHARMING JEWELRY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4695

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3852 West 26th Street.

DOLLAR BUSTER - 02017-4104

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4300 West 26th Street.

GONZALEZ LIQUORS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4698

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4019 West 26th Street.

VELASCO, INC. - 02017-4079

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2701 South St. Louis Avenue.

LA MERCED, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4697

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4335 West 26th Street.

LA VILLITA TRAVEL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4693

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3851 West 26th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(22)

(22)

(22)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(23)

(24)

LALO RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4692

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4126 West 26th Street.

LITTLE VILLAGE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4108

To construct, install, maintain'and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3459 West 25th Street.

THREE FOOD MART - 02017-4110

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4201 West Cermak Road.

BIG TONYS PIZZA 2 - 02017-4125

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3732 West 59th Street.

ELSDON MEDICAL PHARMACY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4703

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 4254 West 59th Street.

ELSDON MEDICAL PHARMACY - 02017-4084

To construct, maintain and use seven (7) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 4254 West 55th Street.

ELSDON MEDICAL PHARMACY - 02017-4127

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4254 West 55th Street.

LAS ISLAS MARIAS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4699

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5401 South Pulaski Road.

STUDIO 31 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4704

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5147 South Archer Avenue.

TAQUERIA LOS GALLOS 3, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4702

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6222 South Archer Avenue.

WINDY CITY HOT DOGS, INC. - 02017-4128

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4205 West 63rd Street.

PAN AMERICAN BANK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4622

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2627 West Cermak Road.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

(25)

1035 VAN BUREN PARTNERS, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4631

To maintain and use five (5) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1035 West Van Buren Street.

1756 WEST 218T, LLC - 02017-4151

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1756-1758 West 21st Street.

1756 WEST 21ST, LLC - 02017-4158

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) step on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1756?1758 West 21st Street.

23RD WENTWORTH, LLC - 02017-4096

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2348-2358 South Wentworth Avenue.

CERMAK PRODUCE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4630

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1711 West Cermak Road.

CLINTON HOLDINGS, LLC - 02017-4087

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1719 South Clinton Street.

CRISTO REY JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL - 02017-4136

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) drain tiles under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1851 West 22nd Place.

CRISTO REY JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL - 02017-4139

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) manholes under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1851 West 22nd Place.

- (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4625

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2407 West 23rd Street.

- (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4635

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2407 West 23rd Street.

FARMERS INSURANCE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4624

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2308 South Wentworth Avenue.

INSURE ONE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4623

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1348 West 18th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(25)

(26)

(25)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

MADISON 901 CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4145

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) landscaping on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 901-925 West Madison Street.

MADISON 901 CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4148

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter railings on the public right?of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 901-925 West Madison
Street.

REALTY OF CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-4093

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1118 West 18th Street.

CAFE COLAO - 02017-4164

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2638 West Division Street.

LAUNDRY CLEANERS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4637

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4101 West Grand Avenue.

HAYWOOD TAVERN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4638

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2759 West Augusta Boulevard.

SIX CORNERS VENTURES LOGAN, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4643

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3510 West Armitage Avenue.

1133 W. RANDOLPH, LLC - 02017-4213

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 128 North May Street.

1133 W. RANDOLPH, LLC - 02017-4214

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) sheetings under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 128 North May Street.

3FM HOLDINGS, LLC 1307 - 02017-4203

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 210 North Justine Street.

3FM HOLDINGS, LLC 1307 - 02017-4205

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 210 North Justine Street.

3FM HOLDINGS, LLC 1307 - 02017-4207

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security fence on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 200 North Justine Street.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(27) 3FM HOLDINGS, LLC 1307 - 02017-4211

TO maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 200 North Justine Street.

(27) 3FM HOLDINGS, LLC 1307 - 02017-4212

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 210 North Justine Street.

(27) 845 WEST FULTON STREET, LLC - 02017-4215

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) door swings on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 845 West Fulton Market.

(27) BAEV-LASALLE BLACK, LLC - 02017-4172

To construct, install, maintain and use seven (7) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 814 West Eastman Street.

(27) BLVD CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4651

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?Of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 817 West Lake Street.

(27) BURTON PLACE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4668

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1447 North Wells Street.

(27) CYCLEBAR FULTON MARKET - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4679

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 175 North Halsted Street.

(27) Fox CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-4175

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) balconies projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 529 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(27) FULTON MARKET CO. - 02017-4177

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 205?209 North Peoria Street.

(27) GSH 2121, LLC - 02017-4180

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2100 West Fulton Street.

(27) HAYMARKET PUB BREWERY - 02017-4099

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 737-741 West Randolph Street.

(27) CORNER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4656

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 852 West Fulton Market.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILLEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(23)

(28)

(28)

- 02017-4186

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 840 West Randolph Street.

MICHALIK FUNERAL HOME, INC. - 02017-4101

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1056 West Chicago Avenue.

ON TOUR BREWING COMPANY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4647

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1725 West Hubbard Street.

PARAMOUNT ROOM - 02017-4102

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 415 North Milwaukee Avenue.

PORKCHOP - 02017-4188

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 941 West Randolph Street.

SANTORINI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4673

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 138 South Halsted Street.

SHARPEVISION MODERN LASIK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4661

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 145 West North Avenue.

STRS L3 ACQS, LLC - 02017-4194

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1504 North Fremont Street.

TOPO GIGIO RISTORANTE - 02017-4196

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1514 North Wells Street.

1525 WEST MADISON, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4696

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1519 West Madison Street.

DAVANTI ENOTECCA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4684

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1359 West Taylor Street.

PARK 1500 LOFTS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4219

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one hundred forty-nine (149) balconies
projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6 South Laflin
Street.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(28)

(29)

(29)

(29)

(29)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(30)

(30)

THE OGDEN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4690

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1659 West Ogden Avenue.

BOOST - 02017-4223

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5918 West Roosevelt Road.

JLO METAL PRODUCTS CO. - 02017-4225

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5841 West Dickens Avenue.

PUB - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4701

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3215 North Harlem Avenue.

SUPERIOR HAND CAR WASH - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4705

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3104 North Harlem Avenue.

SUPERIOR HAND CAR WASH - 02017-4106

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3104 North Harlem Avenue.

AUTHORIZED RETAILER - 02017-4109

To construct, maintain and use three (3) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3955 West Belmont Avenue.

ELECTRONIC ENGINEERS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4707

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5530 West Belmont Avenue.

PARKSIDE - 02017-4229

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3920 West Diversey Avenue.

PARKSIDE - 02017-4236

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3920 West Diversey Avenue.

PRIMEX-TUNE-UP, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4706

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3659 West Addison Street.

THE AUTO WAREHOUSE - 02017-4226

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3632-3636 North Cicero Avenue.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(30)

(31)

(31)

(31)

(31)

(31)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

FRESH MARKET - 02017-4111

To construct, maintain and use thirteen (13) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5630 West Belmont Avenue.

ALLIED BUILDING PRODUCTS CORP. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4711

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2424 North Pulaski Road.

BIM BOM - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4712

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5226 West Belmont Avenue.

METROPCS AUTHORIZED DEALER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4713

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3034 North Pulaski Road.

QUICK WASH COIN LAUNDRY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4709

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3000 North Laramie Avenue.

STANLEY TIRE SHOP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4710

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3021 North Central Avenue.

2113 WEST ARMITAGE, LLC - 02017-4248

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2113 West Armitage Avenue.

2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-4251

To construct, install, maintain and use nine (9) bicycle racks on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2500 North Milwaukee Avenue.

2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-4253

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) building projection projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2500 North Milwaukee Avenue.

2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-4255

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) door swings on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2500 North Milwaukee Avenue.

2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-4257

To maintain and use, as now constructed, forty-two (42) light fixtures projecting over the
public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2500 North Milwaukee Avenue.

2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-4259

To construct, install, maintain and use fourteen (14) planters on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2500 North Milwaukee
Avenue.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(33)

(33)

(33)

ALDI, INC. #64 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4714

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1767 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ASHLAND ADDISON FLORIST - 02017-4159

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3118 North Lincoln Avenue.

FAT RIB SHACK - 02017-4241

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2416 West Schubert Avenue.

FAT RIB SHACK - 02017-4244

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2416 West Schubert Avenue.

JERRY GAUDET - 02017-4246

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) fences on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1756 West Wabansia Avenue.

JERRY GAUDET - 02017-4247

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) landscaping on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1756 West Wabansia Avenue.

LOGAN LIQUOR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4716

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2639 North Kedzie Avenue.

VISHU FOOD LIQUOR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4715

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3235 West Fullerton Avenue.

ELSTON HAND CAR WASH, LLC - 02017-4162

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3068 North Elston Avenue.

METROPCS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4720

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3007 West Irving Park Road.

N.W.N. CORP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4719

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3158 West Montrose Avenue.

FAMILY HAIR CARE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-
4717

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 3519 West Lawrence Avenue.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(34)

(35)

(35)

(35)

(36)

(36)

(36)

(36)

(37)

(37)

(33)

(39)

HALSTED 119TH CURRENCY EXCHANGE, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02017-4721

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 11932 South Halsted Street.

ALLSTATE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4722

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3743 West Fullerton Avenue.

FULLERTON METRO, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4723

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3531 West Fullerton Avenue.

REVOLUTION BEER, LLC - 02017-4261

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3340 North Kedzie Avenue.

5052 WEST ARMITAGE, LLC - 02017-4174

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5052 West Armitage Avenue.

AEGIS ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES, INC. - 02017-4167

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6970 West Diversey Avenue.

LAXI LIQUOR - 02017-4171

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6922 West Grand Avenue.

RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4724

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5046 West Armitage Avenue.

ABH FOOD LIQUOR, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4725

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5345 West North Avenue.

HAIR SALON - 02017-4178

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5106 West Chicago Avenue.

WIRELESS SPOT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4726

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5703 West Irving Park Road.

METROPCS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4727

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6350 North Milwaukee Avenue.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(39)

(39)

(39)

(40)

(40)

(40)

(41)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

OSCAR AUTO BODY SHOP, INC. - 02017-4266

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4227 North Elston Avenue.

RADOVAN PEJOVIC - 02017-4268

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5727 North Lansing Avenue.

SAUGANASH WOODS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) -
02017-4728

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5596 North Kildare Avenue.

AUTOZONE #2583 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4731

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4726 North Western Avenue.

CANINE SOCIAL CLUB, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4730

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5508 North Western Avenue.

DOLLAR TREE #3359 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4729

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4738 North Western Avenue.

JOAN MCKEE INSURANCE AGENCY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4732

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 6238 North Northwest Highway.

17 N. STATE, LLC - 02017-4452

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) vaults under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 17 North State Street.

1ST UNITED METHODIST CHURCH OF CHICAGO AID SOCIETY - 02017-4451

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) kiosks on the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 77 West Washington Street.

565 WEST QUINCY CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4453

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ninety?nine (99) balconies projecting over the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 565 West Quincy Street.

ACME HOTEL BERKSHIRE - 02017-4353

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 15 East Ohio Street.

ACME HOTEL BERKSHIRE - 02017-4354

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 15 East Ohio Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

AERIS COMMUNICATION, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4741

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 435 North LaSalle Drive.

BAR LUPO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4743

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 217 West Huron Street.

BAR LUPO - 02017-4362

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banners over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 217 West Huron Street.

BLUEMERCURY - 02017-4368

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 356 North Clark Street.

BRISTOL CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4370

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) bollards on the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 57 East Delaware Place.

BRUNCH - 02017-4372

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 343 West Erie Street.

CADILLAC PALACE THEATER - 02017-4374

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) marquee projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 151 West Randolph Street.

CENTRAL-DIVISION, LLC - 02017-4375

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 446 West Huron Street.

CITY CENTRE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4376

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) flag pole projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 208 West Washington Street.

CONCRETE COWBOY - 02017-4378

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seventeen (17) light fixtures projecting over
the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 646 North Franklin Street.

DUS MANGEMENT, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4737

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 35 East Wacker Drive.

TAVERN GRILL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4736

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 118 South Clinton Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

ERIE LASALLE VENTURE, LLC - 02017-4381

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 146 West Erie Street.

FIRST FM JOINT VENTURE - 02017-4383

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) bollards on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 21 West Illinois Street.

FORD CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS: ORIENTAL THEATRE - 02017-4390

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) marquee projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 24 West Randolph Street.

GAGE COMMERCIAL CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4392

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 18?28 South Michigan Avenue.

GT PRIME - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4742

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 707-709 North Wells Street.

HILTON GARDEN INN CHICAGO MILE - 02017-4388

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) bollards on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 10 East Grand Avenue.

HILTON GARDEN INN CHICAGO MILE - 02017-4391

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) exterior mounts projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10 East Grand Avenue.

HILTON GARDEN INN CHICAGO MILE - 02017-4394

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) flag poles projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10 East Grand Avenue.

HOTEL - 02017-4395

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) catch basin under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 168 North Michigan Avenue.

HOTEL - 02017-4396

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 168 North Michigan Avenue.

HYATT CENTRIC CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-
4744

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 633 North St. Clair Street.

JBCI155 DEVELOPMENT - 02017-4398

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) caissons under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 155 North Wacker Drive.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) JUST SALAD - 02017-4181

To construct, maintain and use four (4) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 20 East Jackson Boulevard.

(42) LASALLE 676, LLC - 02017-4399

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 676 North LaSalle Drive.

(42) LASALLE 676, LLC - 02017-4400

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter raillings on the public right-of?way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 676 North LaSalIe Drive.

(42) LIFE STORAGE CENTERS OF RIVER NORTH, LLC - 02017-4417

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) door swings on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 325 West Ohio Street.

(42) LIFE STORAGE CENTERS 0F RIVER NORTH, - 02017-4418

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 325 West Ohio Street.

(42) LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02017-4420

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 25 East Pearson Street.

(42) L0 ACQUISITION PROPERTIES, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4733

To maintain and use one (1) Sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1 South Franklin Street.

I42) MILLENIUM PARK PLAZA, LLC - 02017-4421

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Sidewalk vault under the public right-
0f?way adjacent to its premises known as 151-155 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) CANTINA - 02017-4426

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 153-155 West Kinzie Street.

(42) CANTINA - 02017-4428

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 153-155 West Kinzie Street.

(42) mm - 02017-4429

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) 0n the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1015 North Rush Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02017-4431

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) earth retention system under the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02017-4433

To construct, install, maintain and use seven (7) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

- 02017-4436

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 29 West Hubbard Street.

PARK ONE, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4734

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 57 East South Water.

PENINSULA CHICAGO, LLC - 02017-4439

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 108 East Superior Street.

HOT DOGS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4740

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 100 West Ontario Street.

PRADA - 02017-443?

To maintain and use four (4) signs over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 30 East Oak Street.

RANWA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02017-4184

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 159 North Wabash Avenue.

ROSEBUD-RUSH - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4735

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 55 East Superior Street.

ROSEBUD-RUSH - 02017-4440

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 55 East Superior Street.

S.O.L.G., LLC - 02017-4442

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) condensers projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 216 West Ohio Street.

SCGIF - DESPLAINES, LLC - 02017-4444

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 224 North Desplaines Street.

SCGIF II - DESPLAINES, LLC - 02017-4447

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security cameras over the public way
for security purposes adjacent to its premises known as 224 North Desplaines Street.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) SLURPING TURTLE RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4738

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 116 West Hubbard Street.

(42) THE ART INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO - 02017-4357

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) smoking management receptacles on
the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 112 South Michigan Avenue.

(42) THE GWEN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4739

To maintain and use six (6) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 521 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) THE LEGACY AT MILLENIUM PARK CONDO ASSN. - 02017-4404

To maintain and use, as now constructed, SIX (6) bollards on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 60 East Monroe Street.

(42) THE LEGACY AT MILLENIUM PARK CONDO ASSN. - 02017-4406

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 60 East Monroe Street.

(42) THE LEGACY AT MILLENIUM PARK CONDO ASSN. - 02017-4408

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 60 East Monroe Street.

(42) THE LEGACY AT MILLENIUM PARK CONDO ASSN. - 02017-4411

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) Siamese connections projecting over
the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 60 East Monroe Street.

(42) THEORY SPORTS DIV LOUNGE - 02017-4448

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) trash containers on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9 West Hubbard Street.

(42) ATHLETIC CLUB OF CHICAGO - 02017-4450

To maintain and use, as now constructed, Six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 626 North Michigan Avenue.

(43) ACADIA CLARK-DIVERSEY - 02017-4279

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) earth retention systems under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2747 North Clark Street.

(43) ALDERMAN SMITH - 02017-4277

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2523 North Halsted Street.

(43) ALDERMAN SMITH - 02017-4280

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2523 North Halsted Street.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

BARRY H. GREENBURG - 02017-4283

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2201 North Lincoln Avenue.

DILLY LILY - 02017-4285

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 742 West Fullerton Avenue.

GREENHOUSE THEATER CENTER - 02017-4288

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) marquee projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2257 North Lincoln Avenue.

HOOK AND LADDER BAR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4267

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2270 North Lincoln Avenue.

JAMES F. HURST - 02017-4290

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) landscapings on the public right-of-way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 526 West Deming Place.

JAMES F. HURST - 02017-4291

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 526 West Deming Place.

JAMESON GREEN - 02017-4292

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fences on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2252 North Racine Avenue.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4301

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2019 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4304

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2023 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4308

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2039 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4310

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2041 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4312

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2050 North Clark Street.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

(43)

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4315

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2054 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4318

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2058 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02017-4319

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2062 North Clark Street.

LINCOLN PARK PIZZA - 02017-4281

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2245 North Lincoln Avenue.

LINCOLN STATION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4626

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2430-2432 North Lincoln Avenue.

LINCOLN STATION - 02017-4321

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2430-2432 North Lincoln Avenue.

NATALIE SPADACCINI-ROSENBERG - 02017-4327

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ice melt system under the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1943 North Dayton Street.

SAI CAFE - 02017-4282

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2010 North Sheffield Avenue.

SONNETS ACADEMY - LINCOLN PARK - 02017-4329

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) accessible ramp on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1942 North Clark Street.

STEVE QUICK JEWELERS - 02017-4286

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 2471 North Clark Street.

TARASCAS INTERNATIONAL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4628

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 2585 North Clark Street.

THE BLANCHARD - 02017-4278

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1935 North Lincoln Park West.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

THE MARKET BY FOXTROT - 02017-4323

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) park bench on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 900-902 West Armitage Avenue.

WRIGHTWOOD PLAZA CONDO ASSN. - (SUBSTITUTE ORDINANCE) - 302017-4330

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fences on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 635-637 West Wrightwood
Avenue.

DIN FOODS - 02017-4287

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 901-903 West Belmont Avenue.

GUTHRIES TAVERN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4629

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1300 West Addison Street.

HOTEL VERSEY - 02017-4334

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) flag poles projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 644 West Diversey Parkway.

HOTEL VERSEY - 02017-4336

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixtures projecting over the public
right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 644 West Diversey Parkway.

HOTEL VERSEY - 02017-4337

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) park benches on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 644 West Diversey Parkway.

LARK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4633

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3441 North Halsted Street.

PICK ME UP CAFE - 02017-4339

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) garbage enclosure on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3408 North Clark Street.

SPORTS WORLD - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4632

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 3555 North Clark Street.

BABES ON MILWAUKEE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4634

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4416 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CELLULAR SALES OF ILLINOIS, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4641

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5212 North Milwaukee Avenue.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

WARD
(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

NITE CAP - 02017-4293

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5007 West Irving Park Road.

POPEYES CHICKEN AND BISCUITS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4639

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4866-4868 North Milwaukee Avenue.

RENATA RZAZEWSKA-JOHNSON, P.C. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4636

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 5435 North Milwaukee Avenue.

AZUSA LIQUORS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4645

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4411-4413 North Broadway.

CITY SPORTS ON WILSON - 02017-4341

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) fire shutters projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4601 North Broadway.

LEE DENTAL CLINIC - 02017-4295

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 3811 North Broadway.

UPTOWN SHOP 8: SAVE, INC. - 02017-4657

To maintain and use three (3) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4605 North Sheridan Road.

DOLLOP DINER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4670

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5060 North Clark Street.

PUB - 02017-4342

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4264 North Lincoln Avenue.

PUB - 02017-4344

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) exhaust duct projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4264 North Lincoln Avenue.

PUB - 02017-4347

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4264 North Lincoln Avenue.

MAGNUM FAST TAX - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4662

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4259 North Western Aveune.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(43)

(48)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(48)

(49)

NANO SUSHI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4666

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 4256 North Western Avenue.

SPOKEN, CHICAGO - 02017-4298

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1812 West Montrose Avenue.

ANDERSONVILLE WINE SPIRITS - 02017-4300

To construct, maintain and use ten (10) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5201 North Clark Street.

CBD KRATOM - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4708

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 5303 North Clark Street.

EDGE OF SWEETNESS - 02017-4302

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6034 North Broadway.

FOREMOST LIQUORS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4677

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1040 West Argyle Street.

HOFFBERG-METZ JOINT VENTURE - 02017-4305

To construct, maintain and use two (2) awnings over the public way attached to the
structure located at 5443 North Broadway.

PHLOUR BAKERY AND CAFE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4681

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1138 West Mawr Avenue.

PITA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4675

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1103 West Mawr Avenue.

SIVANAN DA YOGA VEDANTA CENTER - 02017-4307

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 1207-1209 West Mawr Avenue.

VCA MISENER-HOLLEY ANIMAL HOSPITAL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-
4686

To maintain and use two (2) signs over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1545 West Devon Avenue.

ROMAN STYLE PIZZA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4689

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6441 North Sheridan Road.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF THE WAY:

WARD
(49)

(49)

(49)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

(50)

HOWARD AREA COMMUNITY CENTER - 02017-4351

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixtures projecting over the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7648 North Paulina Street.

ROGERS PARK BUSINESS ALLIANCE - 02017-4352

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1775 West Greenleaf Avenue.

ROGERS PARK BUSINESS ALLIANCE - 02017-4356

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planters on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1774 West Lunt Avenue.

ALLSTATE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4700

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6146 North Lincoln Avenue.

ANMOL PAN HOUSE - 02017-4360

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixtures projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2504 West Devon Avenue.

CITY FRESH MARKET - 02017-4363

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planters on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3201 West Devon Avenue.

HOANH LONG RESTAURANT - 02017-4309

To construct, maintain and use one (1) awning over the public way attached to the
structure located at 6148 North Lincoln Avenue.

JOYALUKKAS JEWELRY CHICAGO, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4718

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2642 West Devon Avenue.

LICKITY SPLIT FC SZ, LLC - 02017-4365

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) park benches on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7000 North Western Avenue.

METROPCS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4694

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2144 West Devon Avenue.

SEYMOUR GERTZ - 02017-4380

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of-way
for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6849 North Francisco
Avenue.

UNIQUE FURNITURE - 02017-4384

To maintain and use one (1) sign over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6222 North Lincoln Avenue.

28

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(4)

(7)

(18)

(24)

(25)

(26)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(28)

(32)

(33)

(42)

(42)



THE STANDARD CLUB - 02017-4240

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 320 South Plymouth Court.
TRINITY - 02017-4245

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2311 East 92nd Place.
SOUTH CHICAGO DODGE - 02017-4273

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 7340 South Western Avenue.
HOMAN SQUARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY - 02017-4303

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 3231 West Arthington Street.
CRISTO REY JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL - 02017-4313

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 1851 West 22nd Place.
SPLIT-RAIL - 02017-4317

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2500 West Chicago Avenue.
1133 W. RANDOLPH, LLC - 02017-4358

To maintain and use (7) canopies located at 128 North May Street.
BANANA REPUBLIC #7697 - 02017-4325

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 917 West North Avenue.
BLVD CHICAGO - 02017-4332

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 817 West Lake Street.
FULTON MARKET CO. - 02017-4345

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 205?209 West Randolph Street.
STRS L3 ACQB, LLC - 02017-4349

To maintain and use (11) canopies located at 1504 North Fremont Street.
MIDLAND PROPERTIES WESTERN, LLC - 02017-4393

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 2419 West 15th Street.
2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02017-4397

To maintain and use (5) canopies located at 2500 North Milwaukee Avenue.
AUTOMOTIVE REPAIRS - 02017-4402

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 3849 North Kedzie Avenue.
55 EAST INVESTORS IV, LLC - 02017-4446

To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 50 East Adams Street.
ERIE LASALLE VENTURE, LLC - 02017-4424

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 146 West Erie Street.

29

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(44)



INTERPARK - 02017-4427
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 401 North Wells Street.

REID MURDOCH, LLC - 02017-4441
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 325 North LaSalle Street.
TEC PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-4443
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 467 West Erie Street.
THE LEGACY AT MILLENIUM PARK CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02017-4434
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 60 East Monroe Street.
THE WIT - 02017-4445
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 201 North State Street.
WACKER GP, INC. - 02017-4449
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 35 East Wacker Drive.

HOTEL VERSEY - 02017-4405
To maintain and use (1) canopy located at 644 West Diversey Parkway.

30

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGEJN THE WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BOULEVARD DELI LIQUOR - 02017-4031

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2956?2958 West North Avenue.

BOURBON ON DIVISION - 02017-4032

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2050 West Division Street.

BUONA TERRA RISTORANTE - 02017-4033

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2535 North California Avenue.

DUNKIN DONUTS - 02017-4035

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1244 North Ashland Avenue.

SHRIMP HOUSE - 02017-4042

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1432 North Western Avenue.

LA STRADA CAFE - 02017-4044

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2023 North California Avenue.

MIRAI SUSHI - 02017-4047

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2020 West Division Street.

PINT - 02017-4051

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1547-1549 North Milwaukee Avenue.

SUSHI TAKU - 02017-4053

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1904-1906 West Division Street.

TABLE, DONKEY 8: STICK - 02017-4057

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2728 West Armitage Avenue.

TAUS AUTHENTIC - 02017-4058

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1836-1846 West Division Street.

TAXIM - 02017-4059

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1558 North Milwaukee Avenue.

31

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

SIDEWALK CAFES

THE GENERAL - 02017-4037

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2528 North California Avenue.

THE IRISH NOBLEMAN - 02017-4039

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1365-1367 West Erie Street.

THE MOZART - 02017-4049

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2826-2830 West Armitage Avenue.

TOCCO RESTAURANT - 02017-4060

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1266 North Milwaukee Avenue.

TOWNSHIP - 02017-4061

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2200-2202 North California Avenue.

WASABI SUSHI AND ROBATA - 02017-4063

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2115 North Milwaukee Avenue.

MED GRILL - 02017-4066

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2459 West Armitage Avenue.

BELLA LUNA CAFE - 02017-4075

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 731 North Dearborn Street.

BLUE AGAVE - 02017-4076

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1050 North State Street.

CORNERSTONE CAFE - LINCOLN PARK - 02017-4081

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2200-2202 North Clybourn Avenue.

HASH HOUSE A GO GO - 02017-4090

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1212 North State Parkway.

KANELA - 02017-4112

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2127 West Division Street.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE WAY:

WARD
(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(2)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(10)

SIDEWALK CAFES

LA STORIA - 02017-4114

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1154-1156 North Dearborn Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #22423 - 02017-4122

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1230 North Wells Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #236 - 02017-4118

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 39 West Division Street.

STARBUCKS COFFEE #2370 - 02017-4120

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1602 North Wells Street.

THE QUEEN MARY - 02017-4115

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2125 West Division Street.

THE SEDGWICK STOP - 02017-4117

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1612 North Sedgwick Street.

UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR - 02017-4124

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 710 North Clark Street.

BONNE SANTE HEALTH FOODS, INC. - 02017-4134

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1512 East 53rd Street.

FIVE GUYS BURGERS AND FRIES - 02017-4135

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1456 East 53rd Street.

SOME LIKE IT BLACK CREATIVE ARTS BAR, INC. - 02017-4137

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4259 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

SUBWAY - 02017-4138

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 604 South Wabash Avenue.

LOS CARBONES - 02017-4140

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 9710 South Commercial Avenue.

33

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(11)

(11)

(12)

(13)

(19)

(22)

(25)

(25)

(26)

(25)

(27)

(27)

SIDEWALK CAFES

KOHAN JAPANESE RESTAURANT - 02017-4141

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 730-732 West Maxwell Street.

ZAYTUNE MEDITERRANEAN GRILL - 02017-4142

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3129 South Morgan Street.

DULCELANDIA CANDY STORES YOGOLANDIA YOGURT - 02017-4143

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3251-3253 West 26th Street.

VALENTINA RESTAURANT - 02017-4147

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4506 West 63rd Street.

- 02017-4149

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 10701 South Hale Avenue.

DON PEPE - 02017-4152

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3616 West 26th Street.

LA PARADA EN PILSEN - 02017-4157

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2059 West 21st Street.

MAD BOILER - 02017-4160

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1045 West Madison Street.

CHURRO FACTORY - 02017-4168

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3755 West Armitage Avenue.

LA BOMBA RESTAURANT - 02017-4173

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3221 West Armitage Avenue.

COBRA LOUNGE - 02017-4182

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 235 North Ashland Avenue.

FULTON MARKET CO. - 02017-4190

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 205-209 North Peoria Street.

34

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(27)

(27)

(27)

(27)

(29)

(30)

(30)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)

(32)



FUN FUN CHINESE - 02017-4187

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 905 West Randolph Street.

JAIPUR - 02017-4195

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 847 West Randolph Street.

METRIC COFFEE CAFE - 02017-4198

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2021 West Fulton Street.

THE GODDESS RIVER NORTH - 02017-4193

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 901 North Larrabee Street.

BISTRO GRAND - 02017-4200

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2362-2364 North Neva Avenue.

ASTORIA LOUNGE - 02017-4206

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3208 North Kostner Avenue.

SALSA CLUB - 02017-4208

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3336-3342 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CORNERSTONE CAFE - 02017-4217

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2753 North Western Avenue.

DUNKIN ROBBINS - 02017-4218

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1651 North Western Avenue.

FARM BAR LAKEVIEW - 02017-4220

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1300 West Wellington Avenue.

LAS TABLAS ON LINCOLN - 02017-4222

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2942-2944 North Lincoln Avenue.

LEFT COAST FOOD JUICE - 02017-4232

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2870-2878 North Lincoln Avenue.

35

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(32)

(32)

(32)

(33)

(35)

(35)

(40)

(41)

(42)

(42)

I42)

(42)



NICKS PIT STOP - 02017-4234

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2023 North Damen Avenue.

ORANGE ON ROSCOE - 02017-4235

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2011 West Roscoe Street.

THE ART OF CHICKEN - 02017-4216

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2041 North Western Avenue.

PIZZA - 02017-4237

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3024?3026 West Montrose Avenue.

ALASKA PALETERIA NEVERIA - 02017-4238

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3446 West Irving Park Road.

FRUTA LA VIDA, LLC - 02017-4239

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3739 West Fullerton Avenue.

JOIE DE VINE - 02017-4242

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1744 West Balmoral Avenue.

EUPHORIA - 02017-4243

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5241 North Harlem Avenue.

ARGO TEA - 02017-4250

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1 South Franklin Street.

ARGO TEA - 02017-4252

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 16 West Randolph.

ARGO TEA - 02017-4254

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 140 South Dearborn Street.

ARGO TEA - 02017-4256

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 819 North Rush Street.

36

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

(43)

SIDEWALK CAFES

BLACKSTONE HOTEL - 02017-4258

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 636-638 South Michigan Avenue.

BLUE AGAVE TEQUILA BAR RESTAURANT - 02017-4260

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 579 West Kinzie Street.

FABCAKES - 02017-4265

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 714 North Wells Street.

FIRECAKES - 02017-4262

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 68 West Hubbard Street.

FIVE GUYS BURGERS FRIES - 02017-4267

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 22 South Clinton Street.

LAND AND LAKE KITCHEN - 02017-4271

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 81 East Wacker Drive.

PEARL TAVERN - 02017-4272

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 180 North Wacker Drive.

REPUBLIC OF GOOD FOOD - 02017-4274

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 33 South Wabash Avenue.

RYO SUSHI - 02017-4276

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 62 East Madison Street.

THE HALAL GUYS - 02017-4269

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 180 North Wabash Avenue.

BACCI PIZZERIA - 02017-4289

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2557 North Halsted Street.

BROKEN ENGLISH TACO PUB LINCOLN PARK - 02017-4294

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2574-2580 North Lincoln Avenue.

37

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(43)

(43)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

(44)

SIDEWALK CAFES

 

FOUR FARTHINGS TAVERN GRILL - 02017-4297

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2058-2060 North Cleveland Avenue.

SANDWICHES - 02017-4299

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 955 West Webster Avenue.

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL - 02017-4311

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1025 West Belmont Avenue.

DAVIDS TEA - 02017-4314

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3530 North Southport Avenue.

FRIO GELATO - 02017-4316

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3721 North Southport Avenue.

GLAZE TERIYAKI GRILL - 02017-4320

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3112 North Broadway.

INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA, INC. - 02017-4322

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3123 North Broadway.

MAD RIVER BAR GRILLE - 02017-4324

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2909-2911 Sheffield Avenue.

MAVI CHICAGO - 02017-4326

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2833 North Broadway.

NEW YORK DELICATESSEN - 02017-4328

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2921 North Clark Street.

NOODLES COMPANY - 02017-4331

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3419 North Southport Avenue.

REAL GOOD JUICE CO. - 02017-4333

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3548 North Southport Avenue.

38

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(45)

(45)

(45)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(46)

(47)

(47)

(47)

SIDEWALK CAFES

STARBUCKS COFFEE - 02017-4338

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3549 North Sheffield Avenue.

TWO HEARTED QUEEN - 02017-4355

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1201 West Roscoe Street.

BACCI CAFE AND PIZZERIA ON MILWAUKEE AVENUE, INC. - 02017-4359

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4367 North Milwaukee Avenue.

CHICKEN WORKS AND SALAD CO. - 02017-4361

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3658 West Irving Park Road.

LAS TABLAS - 02017-4364

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4920 West lrving Park Road.

AGAMI JAPANESE RESTAURANT - 02017-4366

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4706-4712 North Broadway.

KALISH - 02017-4369

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1311?1313 West Wilson Avenue.

LONGACRE PIZZA BOX - 02017-4371

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1303-1309 West Wilson Avenue.

WRIGLEY BBQ - 02017-4373

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3555?3557 North Broadway.

BAR ROMA - 02017-4377

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5101 North Clark Street.

BROWN BAG SEAFOOD C0. - 02017-4379

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3400 North Lincoln Avenue.

MACHU PICCHU - 02017-4382

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3856 North Ashland Avenue.

39

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD
(47)

(47)

(47)

(47)

(48)

(43)

(48)

(48)

(48)

(48)

(43)

(48)

SIDEWALK CAFES

MELAO LATIN CUISINE, INC. - 02017-4385

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 3941 North Lincoln Avenue.

PIZZA PUB - 02017-4386

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2434-2436 West Montrose Avenue.

PIZZERIA 0RD - 02017-4387

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1607 West Montrose Avenue.

STEAKKNIFE - 02017-4389

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4343 North Lincoln Avenue.

HAI YEN - 02017-4401

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1055 West Argyle Street. 

HUARACHES DONA CHIO - 02017-4403

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1547 West Elmdale Avenue.

- 02017-4407

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4949?4951 North Broadway.

LA FONDA LATINO GRILL - 02017-4409

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5350 North Broadway.

PHO LOAN RESTAURANT - 02017-4410

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1114 West Argyle Street.

PHO XE LUA - 02017-4412

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 1021 West Argyle Street.

ANDERSONVILLE - 02017-4413

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 5255-5259 North Clark Street.

TANK NOODLE PHO XE TANG - 02017-4414

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 4953-4955 North Broadway.

40

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGEJN THE PUBLIC WAY:

SIDEWALK CAFES
WARD

(49) CAFFE ARRIVADOLCE - 02017-4416

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 6451 North Sheridan Road.

(50) KARAHI CORNER - 02017-4430

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its
premises located at 2658 West Devon Avenue.

41

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(2)

(8)

(11)

(11)

(20)

(20)

(20)

(23)

SHOUT OUTDOOR MEDIA - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-4074

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Shout Outdoor Media on December 14, 2016 and printed upon page 40208 of the C.J.P.
of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting the words, ?Shout Outdoor Media
and 451 N. Racine" and inserting in their place the words, "Shout Outdoor Illinois, LLC
and 1201 N. Dearborn."

RAMI BROWN, BRIGHT SMILES DAYCARE - 02017-3871

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
RAMI BROWN, BRIGHT SMILES DAYCARE from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
1703-1707 East 87th Street.

HELPERS KEEPERS, INC. - 02017-3901

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
HELPERS KEEPERS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3501 South Union
Avenue.

UNIVERSITY COMMONS VI CONDO ASSN. - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-4048

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
University Commons VI Condo Assn. on April 19, 2017 and printed upon page 47625 of
the C.J. P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language
regarding compensation amounts.

G. IRVIN - 02017-3867

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate East 67th Street, from South Marquette Road
to South Rhodes Avenue, as "Edward G. Irvin Way".

HEARTLAND ALLIANCE HEALTH CENTER - 02017-3874

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
HEARTLAND ALLIANCE HEALTH CENTER from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5515
South Halsted Street.

IMPRESSIONS HAND CARWASH - 02017-3875

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
IMPRESSIONS HAND CARWASH from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6717
South South Chicago Avenue.

FINISHING MOTORSPORT, INC. - 02017-3873

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
FINISHING MOTORSPORT, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
6549-6551 West 63rd Street.

42

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(25)

(25)

(27)

(27)

(30)

(31)

(31)

(31)

2243-2259 W. COULTER AVENUE - 02017-3877

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
2243?2259 W. COULTER AVENUE from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
2243-2259 West Coulter Avenue.

LA CASA NORTE - 02017-3872

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt LA
CASA NORTE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3527?3533 West North Avenue.

DUNKIN DONUTS - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-4077

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Dunkin Donuts on April 19, 2017 and printed upon page 47818 of the C.J.P. of the City
of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions
and seating capacity.

WW1832, LLC - 02017-3912

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
WW1832, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1832 West Walnut Street.

PLATINUM LUXURY MOTORS, INC. - 02017-3770

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
PLATINUM LUXURY MOTORS, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5800
West Fullerton Avenue.

FABIANS CABINET COMPANY, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4609

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
FABIANS CABINET COMPANY, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4511
West Belmont Avenue.

GENERATION GAMING, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4607

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
GENERATION GAMING, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3044 North Central
Avenue.

MOTOR SALES, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02017-4608

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
MOTOR SALES, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2901-2909 North
Cicero Avenue.

43

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(36)

(33)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(42)

(43)

CHICAGOCARCLINIIC.COM - 02017-3879

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
CHICAGOCARCLINIIC.COM from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5912 West Addison
Street.

NUNO COMPLETE CAR CARE - 02017-3902

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
NUNO COMPLETE CAR CARE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite
to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 3613 North
Harlem Avenue.

145 S. WELLS HOLDINGS, LLC - 02017-3907

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 145
S. WELLS HOLDINGS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 145-147 South
Wells Street.

EPIC BURGER, INC. - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-4073

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Epic Burger, Inc. on March 29, 2017 and printed upon page 45135 of the C.J.P. of the
City of Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding
dimensions and compensation amounts.

ERIE LASALLE VENTURE, LLC - 02017-3903

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt ERIE
LASALLE VENTURE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 146 West Erie
Street.

LG DEVELOPMENT GROUP, LLC-61 WEST ERIE SERIES - 02017-3905

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt LG
DEVELOPMENT GROUP, LLC-61 WEST ERIE SERIES from the provisions requiring
barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities
located at 61 West Erie Street.

TIFFANI KIM INSTITUTE, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-4062

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Tiffani Kim Institute, LLC is hereby amended by deleting the words, "Tiffani Kim Institute,
and inserting in their place the words, Holdings 310 

LAVEY - 02017-3876

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the
actions necessary to honorarily designate the northwest corner of North Halsted Street
and West North Avenue (facing east/west and pointing north) and the southwest corner
of North Halsted and West Willow Street (facing east/west and pointing south) as
"Martha Lavey Way".

44

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

WARD
(44)

(44)

(48)

(49)

ARTIS SENIOR LIVING LAKEVIEW, LLC - 02017-3781

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt
ARTIS SENIOR LIVING LAKEVIEW, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
3513-3553 North Ashland Avenue.

CAFE - (AMENDMENT) - 02017-4078

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for
Yoshi's Cafe on April 19, 2017 and printed upon page 48094 of the C.J.P. of the City of
Chicago is hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions.
compensation and seating capacity.

FIVE SEASONS DEVELOPMENT, LLC - 02017-3869

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt FIVE
SEASONS DEVELOPMENT, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at
5137?5139 North Broadway.

7445 N. SHERIDAN RD, LLC CIO CITADEL HEALTHCARE GROUP - 02017-3908

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 7445
N. SHERIDAN RD, LLC CITADEL HEALTHCARE GROUP from the provisions
requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 7445 North Sheridan Road.

45

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

WARD

(9) CDOT TO ADOPT FHWA PROVISIONS REGARDING HOT MIX ASPHALT - R2017-297

A call for the Chicago Department of Transportation to adopt Federal Highway
Administration provisions regarding the use of post-consumer recyclable materials in City
of Chicago roadway projects.

46

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DEDICATIONS. OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS OF
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

WARD
(1)

(12)

(27)

(40)

CP WEST DIVISION, LLC - 02017-3282

A proposed vacation of all the remaining public alley in the block bounded by West
Division, North Paulina Stree, North Ashland Avenue and North Milwaukee Avenue.

QUALITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02017-947

A proposed vacation of a 16 foot wide strip of South Richmond Street bounded by West
35th Street and West 36th Street.

PEPPERCORN 400, LLC - 02017-2021

A proposed vacation of all of the remaining width and length of West Kinzie Street
between North Ogden Avenue and North Elizabeth Street.

MCZ EDGEWATER, LLC - 02017-3891

A proposed vacation of a portion of the East-West public alley and a dedication of a new
North-South public alley in the block bounded by West Edgewater Avenue, West
Hollywood Avenue, North Ashland Avenue and North Hermitage Avenue.

47

MAYORAL INTRODUCTIONS:

WARD

AGREEMENT WITH ZELLER-401 PROPERTY, LLC - 02017-3864

Construction and maintenance agreement with Zeller-40?I Property, LLC for Renovation
project adjacent to 401 North Michigan Avenue.

48

