Transportation Committee
Meeting Minutes
September 13, 2018 8:30am-9:30am
In attendance: Brent Norsman (Chair), Joe Hall (Co-Chair), Lindsey Bayley, Mary Tamminga (Polish
Triangle Coalition), Garrett Karp (SSA Program Manager), Alice Howe (SSA Program Specialist), Bud
Rodecker (Thirst)

1. Check-in with Thirst (Wayfinding)
a) Still waiting on city approval and feedback (time to follow up as we want to complete
this project in 2018)
b) Estimate is $18,840 for 3 kiosks
c) Shop drawings and official pricing from Poblocki Signage by the end of the month
d) More discussion of specs, design, construction and materials
e) Side one: wayfinding, side two: upcoming events, side three: art
f) Side two and three intended to be rotated on a 6-month basis with Arts Committee
curating the 3rd side
g) We want to make sure the designs are modular and fit with our submission and
attachment method (i.e., do we ask for digital submission or do we send artists the
prefabricated panels?)
h) SSA should not have to worry about permits – the installer should handle this
i) Do we need to issue RFP for artists designing for kiosks or can SSA curate on their own?

2. Check-in with Thirst (Art Plaques)
a) Ask adjacent buildings for permission to install plaques to avoid monument fee for
affixing plaque directly on artwork
b) BN strongly prefers stainless steel from Thirst in order to have cohesive branding across
wayfinding and art, JH thinks going with traditional bronze plaque is overkill for
relatively short-term art project
c) We should at least have plaques for Worker’s Cottage, Wicker Tree and Hebru Brantley
– and possibly additional murals or sculptures
d) BN apologizes for “1 week” promise to Tribune for plaque on Hebru mural, but asks if it
is still possible to have a mockup or temporary prototype ready in that period of time
(BR says possibly)
e) BN asks staff to work on content for Hebru plaque ASAP
f) First round could be 5-10 signs, but check with Jordan to see what else deserves priority

3. Planter locations for winter
a) Brightview suggested that bump-outs and barricades might be moved for snow plow
season, but committee doesn’t think that’s actually the case
b) Probably not necessary to move planters for winter

 4. Fix-it stations
a) Already exists at Milwaukee and Des Plaines, should we try to install?
b) JH worried about fix it stations cutting into bike shop business, also points out that bike
pumps on 606 have been poorly maintained and underutilized
c) Perhaps branded bike pumps along Milwaukee would be a better idea?
5. Cleanslate has a multi-bike rack
a. Check into this to see where it was removed from and if it is a branded rack
b. Find new possible location, preferably close to the road

6. Designated areas for ride sharing drop-offs
a) Garrett and Alice attended meet-up with staff from other SSAs – many mentioned this
as a common complaint (especially on busy car streets or on main streets with bike
lines)
b) Ultimately out of control of SSAs but worth thinking about creative solutions that could
serve as a prototype and/or allow us to collectively lobby for improved city-wide policy
MISC:
a) BN requested better communication about where we are in terms of budget for the calendar
year and wants to make sure that if we still have money for shovel-ready projects this year we
take advantage of the opportunity now
b) MT requested keeping Polish Triangle Coalition in the loop – especially as it relates to
wayfinding project

 