Devon SSA 43 Commission Meeting Minutes DRAFT
Thursday, October 26, 2017 4:00pm
2949 W. Devon Avenue
Commissioners Present: Irshad Khan, Maura Levit, Pete Valavanis, Sanhita Agnihotri,
Commissioners Absent: Bhavesh Patel, Tareq Ali Khan, Mohammad Yaqoob,
Commissioner Applicants Absent: Jayesh Shewakramani
Service Provider Staff Present: Gina Caruso, Tony Pelikan (Rogers Park Business Alliance)
Public Officials Present: Alderman Debra Silverstein

1. Irshad called the meeting to order at 4:10pm.
2. There was no public input.
3. Motion to approve the August 2017 minutes by Maura with a second by Pete.
APPROVED
4. Motion to approve the September 2017 minutes by Maura with a second by Sanhita.
APPROVED
5. The Commission reviewed the financials and wants to know how TIF surplus is
calculated. Motion to approve the minutes by Peter with a second by Maura. APPROVED
6. Programs
a. Business Improvement Program (BIP)
i. Gina presented the application and bids for The Music House Security
Camera Rebate. Motion to approve the application by Peter with a
second by Maura. APPROVED
ii.Gina presented the bid for Madni Mart to redo the front façade by
brining it to the property line. Motion to approve by Sanhita with a
second by Maura. APPROVED (Irshad obstained)
b. Gina presented an updated bid by Cleanstreet for 2018 public way maintenance,
which was competitively priced compared to other bids. The Commission is
satisfied with their work. Motion to approve the 2018 contract by Pete with a
second by Sanhita. APPROVED
c. Dumpster locations
i. Irshad met with Antwan from Cleanstreet to look at dumpster locations.
Tallman would be an easy location with room, Campbell and Oakley are
pretty tight. Pete will allow Cleanstreet to do an extra pick up in his
dumpsters – Waste Master is the company. Confirm with Antan that
these locations work.
1

 d. Landscaping: winter plantings are coming in week of Nov 6th – Devon SSA will be
one of the earliest to have winter landscaping completed.
e. Holiday Decorations: The Commission likes the lights and wants a solution for
the trees on Western.
f. Sidewalk Sale: There were not a lot of businesses participating in the Sidewalk
Sale October 21-22 due to many businesses not having have extra help and in
need of reminding.
g. Gina presented Sparkfactor’s revised designs. The Commission prefers “On
Devon” to “Its On Devon”. The girls in the images are not dressed modestly so do
a photo shoot with modestly dressed women and people of all ages. The
Commission doesn’t like #3 background but like the colors and phrase “on the
street and around the world”. Website www.itsondevon.com is ok but we should
try to get www.ondevon.com. Like colors, logos – like images 1 and 3, photos of
businesses and action shots. Next step is to schedule photo shoots along the
district.
7. SSA Commission: Gina will work with Ald. Silverstein and Sandi to address
Commissioners attendance at meetings.
8. New Business: In response to the Commission wanting more information about district
mapping, Tony discussed mapping options in general and web maps that help with SSA
management. Pete thinks it’s a powerful to be able to interact with a map and to
expedite decision making more than paper maps. The Commission likes the idea of
property owner info and property type/ vacancy status on a map and like the idea of
pinpointing what type of tenants the district needs.
9. Motion to adjourn by Maura with a second by Sanhita. APPROVED

2

 