SSA#26​ ​Commission​ ​Meeting

Wednesday,​ ​June​ ​14,​ ​2017,​ ​3:00​ ​PM
Commissioners​ ​in​ ​attendance:​ ​Jill​ ​Metz,​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​Cercle,​ ​Jenny​ ​Yang,​ ​Helen
Cameron
Staff​ ​in​ ​attendance:​ ​Katrina​ ​Balog,​ ​Rachael​ ​Burs
Public:​ ​Andre​ ​Peloquin
1. Call​ ​to​ ​Order​ ​/​ ​Jill​ ​Metz,​ ​3:03​ ​PM;​ ​staff​ ​and​ ​commissioners​ ​introduced​ ​themselves
to​ ​member​ ​of​ ​public​ ​in​ ​attendance
2. Adoption​ ​of​ ​Agenda​ ​-​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​moved,​ ​Helen​ ​seconded
3. Approval​ o
​ f​ ​March​ ​&​ ​April​ ​minutes​ ​-​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​moved,​ ​Helen​ ​seconded
4. Financials​ ​/​ ​Katrina​ ​Balog​ ​-​ ​Katrina​ ​briefs​ ​on​ ​financials,​ ​specially​ ​noting​ ​that​ ​some
of​ ​the​ ​larger​ ​expenditures​ ​are​ ​underway​ ​but​ ​not​ ​yet​ ​billed​ ​(e.g.​ ​tree​ ​care​ ​program,
public​ ​art).
5. Programs​ ​&​ ​Projects​ ​update​ ​/​ ​Rachael​ ​Burs
a. Business​ ​district​ ​tour​ ​-​ ​successful​ ​overall,​ ​medium​ ​attendance​ ​but​ ​all​ ​actively
pursuing​ ​space​ ​in​ ​Edgewater​ ​or​ ​Uptown,​ ​mostly​ ​for​ ​expansion​ ​or​ ​relocation.
Alderman​ ​was​ ​pleased,​ ​all​ ​parties​ ​consider​ ​it​ ​proof​ ​of​ ​concept​ ​and​ ​intend​ ​to
host​ ​similar​ ​events​ ​once​ ​or​ ​twice​ ​a​ ​year,​ ​including​ ​Andersonville​ ​going
forward.​ ​Particularly​ ​felt​ ​fruitful​ ​to​ ​have​ ​the​ ​reception​ ​“stacked”​ ​with​ ​current
successful​ ​business​ ​owners​ ​who​ ​were​ ​happy​ ​in​ ​this​ ​community​ ​to​ ​connect​ ​on
the​ ​prospective​ ​business’​ ​level.
b. Sidewalk​ ​sale​ ​debrief-​ ​Could​ ​have​ ​been​ ​more​ ​successful.​ ​Most​ ​successful
site​ ​seemed​ ​to​ ​be​ ​Granville​ ​&​ ​Broadway,​ ​which​ ​was​ ​close​ ​to​ ​the​ ​group​ ​sale
location​ ​in​ ​the​ ​Barr​ ​parking​ ​lot,​ ​and​ ​had​ ​two​ ​sellers​ ​right​ ​next​ ​to​ ​each​ ​other
(AVP​ ​&​ ​Granville​ ​Framing).​ ​Nonprofit​ ​at​ ​Uncommon​ ​Ground​ ​(Rogers​ ​Park
Food​ ​Co-op)​ ​also​ ​said​ ​they​ ​were​ ​very​ ​successful​ ​and​ ​kept​ ​running​ ​out​ ​of
fliers.​ ​Rachael​ ​proposes:​ ​starting​ ​sooner​ ​(perhaps​ ​announce​ ​all​ ​events​ ​at
beginning​ ​of​ ​the​ ​year)​ ​and​ ​being​ ​more​ ​aggressive​ ​and​ ​specific​ ​about​ ​how​ ​it
will​ ​work,​ ​so​ ​that​ ​everyone​ ​has​ ​buy-in​ ​and​ ​can​ ​be​ ​part​ ​of​ ​the​ ​mounting​ ​ad​ ​&
PR,​ ​knows​ ​who​ ​else​ ​is​ ​participating,​ ​etc.​ ​Noted​ ​that​ ​most​ ​people​ ​really
seemed​ ​to​ ​be​ ​focused​ ​entirely​ ​on​ ​the​ ​residential​ ​sales​ ​and​ ​suggested
focusing​ ​more​ ​on​ ​the​ ​food/drink​ ​businesses​ ​paired​ ​with​ ​nonprofits;​ ​not
directly​ ​competing​ ​for​ ​bargain​ ​shoppers,​ ​everyone​ ​has​ ​to​ ​eat,​ ​etc.​ ​Suggested
offering​ ​larger,​ ​more​ ​street-visible​ ​markers​ ​for​ ​business​ ​participants;​ ​the
spread-out​ ​geography​ ​is​ ​a​ ​challenge​ ​not​ ​just​ ​for​ ​shoppers,​ ​but​ ​for​ ​businesses
who​ ​feel​ ​isolated​ ​(no​ ​neighboring​ ​sale​ ​site​ ​to​ ​drive​ ​traffic).​ ​Helen​ ​concurs​ ​that
earlier​ ​and​ ​more​ ​frequent​ ​communication​ ​would​ ​be​ ​useful​ ​to​ ​her--​ ​info
annually​ ​AND​ ​monthly​ ​preferable.​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​suggests​ ​maybe​ ​not​ ​using​ ​the
residential​ ​yard​ ​sale​ ​date​ ​at​ ​all,​ ​if​ ​it’s​ ​competing​ ​rather​ ​than​ ​building
cross-traffic.
c. Trees​ ​-​ ​Bartlett​ ​Tree​ ​Care​ ​completed​ ​data​ ​collection,​ ​working​ ​on

 management​ ​plan,​ ​hopefully​ ​ready​ ​for​ ​July​ ​to​ ​present.
d. Power​ ​washing​ ​-​ ​proposal​ ​made​ ​to​ ​focus​ ​on​ ​heart​ ​of​ ​district​ ​and​ ​El​ ​station
underpasses,​ ​not​ ​approved;​ ​commissioners​ ​unanimously​ ​want​ ​to​ ​pressure
wash​ ​the​ ​entire​ ​district.​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​requests​ ​that​ ​special​ ​attention​ ​be​ ​paid​ ​to​ ​the
condition​ ​of​ ​the​ ​Bryn​ ​Mawr​ ​Red​ ​Line​ ​underpass​ ​which​ ​is​ ​particularly
unpleasant.
e. Planters​ ​-​ ​Update​ ​on​ ​Peterson​ ​Garden​ ​Project​ ​and​ ​GirlForward​ ​planting
installation​ ​previous​ ​week​ ​with​ ​girls​ ​and​ ​volunteers;​ ​Rachael​ ​assisted​ ​and
took​ ​pictures,​ ​will​ ​be​ ​adding​ ​signage​ ​to​ ​explain​ ​the​ ​project​ ​to​ ​passersby.
f.

Public​ ​art​ ​-​ ​Planning​ ​underway​ ​with​ ​muralist​ ​Molly​ ​Z​ ​to​ ​install​ ​on​ ​north-facing
wall​ ​of​ ​Green​ ​Element​ ​resale.​ ​Jill​ ​advises​ ​speaking​ ​to​ ​Ann​ ​Philips​ ​about​ ​her
Edge​ ​Theatre​ ​property​ ​which​ ​may​ ​be​ ​visible​ ​from​ ​the​ ​train.

g. Facade​ ​rebate​ ​&​ ​sidewalk​ ​cafe​ ​rebate​ ​-​ ​facade​ ​work​ ​at​ ​former​ ​Awash
Ethiopian​ ​space​ ​(6322​ ​N​ ​Broadway)​ ​approved​ ​&​ ​underway;​ ​some​ ​funds
remaining​ ​in​ ​sidewalk​ ​cafe​ ​program,​ ​but​ ​businesses​ ​have​ ​responded
positively,​ ​would​ ​like​ ​to​ ​run​ ​the​ ​program​ ​again​ ​next​ ​year.
h. WBEZ​ ​-​ ​ads​ ​scheduled​ ​through​ ​June​ ​to​ ​July,​ ​good​ ​feedback​ ​from
participants,​ ​planning​ ​to​ ​recycle​ ​ads​ ​to​ ​fill​ ​in​ ​when​ ​no​ ​new​ ​applicants​ ​in
pipeline,​ ​probably​ ​starting​ ​in​ ​July/August;​ ​continuing​ ​outreach.
6. 2018​ ​draft​ ​budget​ ​/​ ​Katrina​ ​Balog​ ​-​ ​Public​ ​way​ ​is​ ​the​ ​biggest​ ​category,​ ​followed
by​ ​customer​ ​attraction.​ ​Admin​ ​costs​ ​are​ ​the​ ​same​ ​save​ ​rent​ ​increase​ ​and​ ​3%
salary​ ​increase​ ​due​ ​to​ ​full​ ​time​ ​staffing.​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​and​ ​Jill​ ​have​ ​specific​ ​concern
for​ ​how​ ​efforts​ ​around​ ​Devon/Rogers​ ​Edge​ ​will​ ​develop​ ​for​ ​2018.​ ​Katrina​ ​reviews
an​ ​idea​ ​re:​ ​programming​ ​an​ ​outdoor​ ​event​ ​around​ ​an​ ​outdoor​ ​movie​ ​screening;
continued​ ​vacancy​ ​marketing​ ​efforts;​ ​public​ ​art​ ​installation​ ​(two​ ​potential​ ​sites
identified​ ​as​ ​interested​ ​on​ ​Devon).​ ​She​ ​spoke​ ​about​ ​meeting​ ​with​ ​Ald.​ ​Osterman
&​ ​Ald.​ ​Moore​ ​and​ ​Devon​ ​property​ ​owners​ ​to​ ​discuss​ ​what​ ​they​ ​want​ ​and​ ​to​ ​make
connections;​ ​the​ ​feedback​ ​was​ ​marketing​ ​&​ ​events​ ​to​ ​get​ ​the​ ​ball​ ​rolling​ ​in​ ​the
area.​ ​Notes​ ​that​ ​the​ ​RogersEdge​ ​demographic​ ​study​ ​is​ ​helpful​ ​in​ ​marketing.​ ​Jill
asks,​ ​will​ ​the​ ​district​ ​look​ ​and​ ​feel​ ​from​ ​Broadway​ ​extend​ ​to​ ​Devon?​ ​Katrina​ ​says
yes,​ ​and​ ​that​ ​you​ ​can​ ​clearly​ ​see​ ​where​ ​the​ ​SSA​ ​boundary​ ​is​ ​because​ ​of​ ​the
continuity​ ​on​ ​the​ ​SSA​ ​side​ ​and​ ​the​ ​less​ ​maintained​ ​space​ ​outside​ ​the​ ​boundary.
Jill​ ​is​ ​interested​ ​to​ ​see​ ​how​ ​tree​ ​care​ ​affects​ ​the​ ​district,​ ​Broadway​ ​in​ ​particular;
long​ ​range​ ​goal​ ​to​ ​accomplish​ ​the​ ​feel​ ​of​ ​a​ ​park.​ ​Asks​ ​about​ ​the​ ​planters,​ ​notes
that​ ​the​ ​maintenance​ ​is​ ​costly.​ ​Rachael​ ​agrees,​ ​but​ ​notes​ ​that​ ​that’s​ ​one​ ​of​ ​the
distinguishing​ ​features​ ​of​ ​the​ ​district​ ​and​ ​that​ ​public​ ​comments​ ​on​ ​them
frequently;​ ​discussing​ ​strategically​ ​redistributing​ ​for​ ​more​ ​impact,​ ​but​ ​likely​ ​a​ ​few
more​ ​planters​ ​will​ ​be​ ​necessary​ ​to​ ​carry​ ​the​ ​look​ ​&​ ​feel​ ​through​ ​the​ ​whole​ ​district.
Helen​ ​suggests​ ​revisiting​ ​what​ ​gets​ ​planted;​ ​clever​ ​landscaping​ ​design​ ​can​ ​be
more​ ​sustainable,​ ​plant​ ​more​ ​perennial​ ​material.​ ​Rachael​ ​says​ ​Patch​ ​does​ ​a
great​ ​job​ ​reusing​ ​some​ ​of​ ​the​ ​plant​ ​material​ ​between​ ​seasons,​ ​but​ ​we​ ​can
certainly​ ​reevaluate​ ​what​ ​more​ ​we​ ​can​ ​do​ ​to​ ​maintain​ ​the​ ​look​ ​with​ ​less​ ​waste.

 7. Public​ ​comment​ ​-​ ​Andre​ ​Peloquin​ ​asked​ ​who​ ​was​ ​responsible​ ​for​ ​the​ ​art​ ​in
vacant​ ​storefronts;​ ​Jill​ ​said​ ​Edgewater​ ​Artists​ ​in​ ​Motion​ ​lead​ ​by​ ​Rae​ ​Ann,​ ​who
discussed​ ​the​ ​program,​ ​which​ ​he​ ​said​ ​was​ ​“amazing.”​ ​Thanked​ ​the​ ​commission
for​ ​its​ ​thought​ ​and​ ​planning​ ​in​ ​the​ ​neighborhood.
8. New​ ​business​ ​-​ ​Katrina​ ​updated​ ​commission​ ​on​ ​the​ ​plans​ ​in​ ​motion​ ​to​ ​produce​ ​a
printed​ ​and​ ​digital​ ​guide​ ​to​ ​promote​ ​the​ ​district​ ​as​ ​a​ ​vintage​ ​shopping​ ​destination,
following​ ​a​ ​roundtable​ ​discussion​ ​with​ ​our​ ​vintage​ ​dealers​ ​about​ ​their​ ​needs;
hopeful​ ​to​ ​have​ ​a​ ​working​ ​prototype​ ​by​ ​EdgeFest.
9. Adjournment​ ​-​ ​4:24,​ ​Rae​ ​Ann​ ​moves,​ ​Helen​ ​seconds

 