Commission Meeting Minutes, Wednesday, March 15, 2017, 8:30 a.m.
Factory Theater, 1623 W. Howard
Howard Street Special Service Area #19 Minutes

Minutes
Attending: Barry Hoven, Commissioner; Charlotte Walters, Commissioner; Gale Howard, Commissioner;
Carrie Sullivan, Proposed Commissioner; Sandi Price, RPBA; Tim Williams, Guest; Janelle Means, Guest
Absent: Cato Heinz, Cally Radunzel, Simone Freeman
1. Welcome
The meeting was called to order at 8:35a.m.
2. Community and Public Input - none
a. Music in the Garden
Sandi turned over the meeting to Tim Williams to discuss his proposal for music in the garden.
He talked about his background and how music has helped to keep people together and
focused on positive activities. Having people on the streets for positive activities promotes
safety.
Tim proposed 16 weeks of music from 6/4 to 9/24. There would be a band each week. He
would provide the sound and DJ for $8,000 and would also provide the bands who would be
paid $4,000.
Carrie suggested having business sponsors mentioned at the event each week so that the local
business get PR.
Barry mentioned wanting variety in the music. There could be Zumba in the garden (once a
month). Carrie has a band that would be willing to perform in the garden. Little Unicoco has
Nigerian music in their restaurant and could be a source for additional musicians. Janelle
mentioned there could be a Karaoke event.
It was decided that Saturdays from noon to 5 work the best to bring people into the
neighborhood.
Discussed that Tim has insurance for his equipment plus the Peterson Garden has insurance.
The following was motioned by Charlotte and seconded by Gale pending a detailed proposal
from Tim with dates, band info, etc:
i. Pay $8,000 to Tim for the sound, DJ and producing of bands for 16 weeks from 6/4 to
9/24
ii. Pay $4,000 to the bands that Tim provides over the 16 weeks, approximately 12 bands

Meeting Notes

Page 1 of 3

04/20/17

 The RPBA will need a contract set up with Tim and will need W9’s for the bands that are paid.
3. Approval of Minutes
Motion was made by Barry, seconded by Charlotte to approve the minutes from the February 15, 2017
SSA 19 meeting. Approved unanimously.
4. New Commissioners
Asked Tim if he would be a commissioner. Also, asked Janelle if she would be interested. Both are
interested. Janelle must defer until her business is stable.
5. Old Business
a. Sandi presented the wrap up reports of 2016 for Harvest Fest provided by Big Buzz. They
provide the information and numbers regarding Harvest Fest.
b. Charlotte is the ‘guinea pig’ for the InQbate media input. InQbate has been approved for $99
to see what they can do for this price. They will optimize by 4/7 and provide a social media
template by 4/21. This includes Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. Charlotte is already on
Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn. Sandi asked what other services Charlotte might want from
InQbate that are not included in the $99 price. She mentioned email mailing lists. She will ask
about the cost and will check to see how it’s going next week.
c. Flavors of Howard has been moved to 2018. This will provide more time for planning.
d. The sculpture installation is planned for Eddy’s after his sign comes down. The sculpture will
now be fit into a garden box. This will allow for more plants and will assure that no one is too
close to the sculpture’s sharp metal points. Eddie will need to relocate the garbage can in front
since this will be installed next to the driveway on Howard.
e. Building at the NW corner of Paulina and Howard was approved for up to $10,000 for
improvements through the BIP. This was approved before the $5,000 cap. So far there has
been no response from the owner of the building. They have until May 18th to take advantage
of this.
f. Discussed the ‘Hello Howard’ identity branding that was done some time ago. Decided that we
need to move on to something that better fits with who we are now.
g. In addition to Tim’s garden music proposal, Sandi mentioned:
i. The ‘grow to give’ beds are being moved to the back. They were not given the same
love as other beds and were not pretty to look at.
ii. A fence is being proposed to run parallel to Howard St to separate the planting beds
from the front music / activity area. This will keep kids from picking the vegetables from
the planters and will serve to make the front area look more open. The current
proposal of $5,000 is too much. Asking if this can be done for closer to $2,500.
Meeting Notes

Page 2 of 3

04/20/17

 h. Janelle mentioned the rodents that are near the garden. This is a city-wide problem and the
rats are not there because of the garden.
i.

The planters that were moved from Red’s on Paulina to the west side of the street will need to
be moved again. A new restaurant will be moving into that building and want the space for an
outdoor café. The planters will be moved to the south side of Howard near the El and the
optical shop.

j.

The RPBA is working on a commercial corridor plan on Clark St. Clark was thriving but has been
going down. A consulting firm has been hired to help. The plan is being called “Vision Clark St”.
There is a small portion of the SSA #19 that will be included in this – the portion near the
Gateway. The hope is there will be a plan by October. Since the 12 blocks of Clark have 3 very
different sections, will need to include someone from each ‘group’.

k. The Safe Summer Kickoff is scheduled for 6/1/2017 and will be at Willye B White. Tim said this
was approved last week and he has created a flyer for it. He will provide this info to Sandi.

6. New Business
a. First Fruits is a gluten free restaurant going in at Howard and Paulina.
b. The Nibble and Nosh is going in where the Growling Rabbit was previously. The daughter of the
owner has a marshmallow company that is also going to be in that building.
c. Black Dog Gelato will be selling from a kiosk at the Loyola Station.
d. The Wedge, an art gallery, is opening across from Charlotte’s.
e. Howard and Ridge building was sold and the new owner wants BIP money to put up awnings.
f. There is a new development going in next to Charlotte. It will be a mix of residential (38 units)
plus commercial.
g. Fat Boys closed. Looking for a new business to go into that building. Want to preserve the
painting that was done in the restaurant.

Meeting adjourned at 10:00 a.m. Our next meeting will be April 19th at the Factory Theatre at 8:30am.

Meeting Notes

Page 3 of 3

04/20/17

 