WPB Arts Committee
Minutes
May 23, 2017
In attendance: David Ginople (chair), Sam Marts, Dan Murphy, Charlie Rees, Mary Antonakos, Cortney
Lederer, Jessica Wobbekind (ssa managing director)
1. DG provided a brief update on the arts section at Wicker Park Fest.
a. The only request from the fest committee is that the sculpture is moveable at night.
b. DM requests seating around the sculpture.
2. The committee discussed updates on the public art installations.
a. We have received feedback from the Park District about the Wicker Tree. The artist is
working on updates to the proposal to address the safety concerns
b. We are waiting on a signature for the permit. DG suggests that JW have legal review the
contract.
3. The committee reviews the grant applications
a. The Flat Iron Artists Association, First Fridays
i. DG anticipates a question regarding the use of the grant program for seed
money and that the funding should decrease as the program gains momentum.
CR explains that the cost and effort to produce the First Fridays is increasing.
The visual arts are disappearing in the community. The biggest challenge is to
get artists to put art on the walls in the hallway and getting them to promote
their own shows. This would significantly increase attendance.
ii. Question for discussion- how do you draw more artists? CL suggests that a wellknown judge would help. CR- when someone has built a strong reputation, they
can sell online.
Motion 1: to approve the funding of First Fridays at the Flat Iron in an amount not to exceed $5,000
from line item 2.06 (public art).
SM motions, DM 2nds, all in favor.
4. The ARC Gallery grant application for the juried exhibition, “SHOUT!”
a. DG asks about the committee’s feelings on funding something political. The committee
agrees that it can be viewed as political but it does not suggest that the art promotes
any one political view, it is open. DM suggests that they remove any political language
for the next application.
Motion 2: to fund the ARC Gallery’s juried exhibition, “SHOUT!”, to take place July 19 to August 12, 2017
in an amount not to exceed $900 from line item 2.06 (public art).
SM motions, CR 2nds, all in favor.
5. The Committee discussed old/new business
a. DG will propose 3 sculptures in 2018 from the Chicago Sculpture Exhibit, SM suggest we
can have them placed at the entrances to the viaducts.
b. SM suggests that the Orange Gnome Project was an art installation and that we should
not diminish the art in that project.
c. DG- there is an idea to put the Wicker Bucj on the 606, SM – it would be best if it was
hidden and was therefore something to be discovered, then it becomes art in a sense

 because it has the element of surprise. To make it more like art, it should be separate
from any branding.
d. DG- we have the largest historic commercial district that is landmarked, what can we do
to promote it? SM- maybe a video tour?

 