Sheridan Road Special Service Area #54
March 9, 2017
Minutes
The meeting was called to order at 8:05 am
Attendees - Jennifer Clark, Tony Fox, Sandi Price (RPBA), Chris Bell, Kat Romanowski (potential
commissioner)
Nov 2016 minutes were approved (fox/bell) 1 abstained (clark)
January 2017 minutes were approved. (fox/bell) 1 abstained (clark)
New Commissioner Status - Kat has started the obnoxious amount of application paperwork to become a
commissioner.
BIP - Sandi agreed to resend the BIP email for commissioners to review. Board will review and decide how
much to set aside for this project. A vote was not taken but the feeling seemed to be positive about the BIP in
SSA 54. The board asked Sandi for itemized financials before we voted in May. We also talked about training
commissioners on reading financials.
RogersEdge Update - Talk of following up with Dave Fredrickson to create more inclusion between the 2
SSA’s happened - not sure who starts that conversation. 3/21 the RogersEdge will present a new
configuration for the Devon/Sheridan/Broadway intersection. Hopefully making it 2 solid lanes that don’t
curve back and forth
New Businesses - Bulldog seems to be doing great & there is a new lease in the Morgan as well as Granada
Center. Talk of gelato being sold in the Loyola plaza happened as well. There is vacancy in the Hampton and
Loyola is working on a restaurant to move in there.
Old Business - Lighting on Sheridan. Tony said he would reach out to the lighting people and talk to them
about doing a better job next year. Tony volunteered to be the point person for the 2017 holiday lights. The
commission agreed to continue the lighting in the plaza even though the cost has increased.
New Business - Spring gardening rebate. There was discussion to shape this the same way as the BIP. It was
talked about businesses submitting this fall to plant next spring. Advertising would be done word of mouth.
This was agreed to be tabled until the next meeting.
Jennifer mentioned that she was approached by Bulldog Ale House about adding pay boxes on Sheridan Road
in front of the business. Sandi checked with bopNgrill and Chipotle and they are in agreement. Both Chris
and Tony are opposed to adding new pay boxes on Sheridan because their customers won’t pay. We agreed
upon requesting 3 hour parking signs on Sheridan Road. Sandi will talk to Alderman Moore’s office.
Next meeting will be Thursday May 11, 2017 at 8 am at Royal Coffee.

 