MEETING AGENDA
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY
Committee Meeting Held on July 17, 2019
at
Room 201-A, Second Floor - City Hall it;

11:00 AM 

6% "Iii!? 

E- 


If 


. If


ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) 1258 NORTH MILWAUKEE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4430

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) balconies projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1258 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) BAKERY #2 - 02019-4355

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1443 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) BAR BISCAY - 02019-4317

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1450 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) CROSSROADS TRADING CO. - 02019-4367

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1519 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) DEITCH PHARMACY, INC. - 02019-4320

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1800
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) DELTA ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02019-4322

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2105
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) DELTA ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02019-4417

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2105 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) DR JEFFREY J. BETTMAN AND ASSOCIATES - 02019-4408

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1808 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) DR. MARTENS AIRWAIR USA, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5393

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1561
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) EAST VILLAGE DENTAL CARE - 02019-4324

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1856 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) ESTELLES CAFE PUB, LTD - 02019-4410

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2013 West North Avenue.

(1) FARMERS PRIDE PRODUCE MARKET - 02019-4326

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2110
North Milwaukee Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) FREE PEOPLE - 02019-4327

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1464 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) GILMANS HARDWARE - 02019-4328

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2118-
2120 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) HOM MALI - 02019-4330

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1546-
1548 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INS AGENCY, L.L.C. - 02019-4332

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2118
North Western Avenue.

(1) JACKSON JUNGE GALLERY - 02019-4334

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1389 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) JACKSON JUNGE GALLERY - 02019-4339

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1389 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) JACKSON JUNGE GALLERY - 02019-4424

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1389 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) CAFE - 02019-4426

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2011 West Division Street.

(1) JOHN FLUEVOG SHOES, LTD - 02019-4342

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1539 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) JOHN LICATA - 02019-4365

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2214 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) KANELA BREAKFAST CLUB - 02019-4346

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1408 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) KANELA BREAKFAST CLUB - 02019-4349

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1408 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) KANELA BREAKFAST CLUB - 02019-4439

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1408 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) - 02019-4442

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2101 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) MARTINEZ BENTANCOURT - 02019-4368

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2455-
2457 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) MARTINEZ 8. BENTANCOURT - 02019-4443

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2455-2457 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) MILK HONEY CAFE - 02019-4447

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1920 West Division Street.

(1) M02 PROPERTIES, LLC - 02019-4372

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1657 North Campbell Avenue.

(1) M02 PROPERTIES, LLC - 02019-4374

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1657 North Campbell Avenue.

(1) MOJO SPA, LLC - 02019-4370

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1468 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) MUZYKA FUNERAL HOME - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5395

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2157
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) NOCA BLU APARTMENTS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5383

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2340
North California Avenue.

(1) PARIS NAILS - 02019-4450

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2849 West Armitage Avenue.

(1) PAULA PIZZERIA - 02019-4376

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1518 West Chicago Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) PHILZ COFFEE - 02019-4378

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1640
West Division Street.

(1) PIZZA 8. PASTA ON DIVISION - 02019-4454

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2056-2058 West Division Street.

(1) RESTAURANT 2 AMIGOS - 02019?4456

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2320 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) - 02019-4380

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1610
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) SPICY FINGERS - 02019-4382

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1549
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) ST ALFRED, INCORPORATED - 02019-4392

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1531
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) SU CHAPLIN CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-4393

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1749 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) TAKITO KITCHEN - 02019-4394

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2013
West Division Street.

(1) THE VITAMIN SHOPPE - 02019-4401

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1303
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) THE WELCOME BACK LOUNGE - 02019-4406

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2423
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) THE WHALE CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-4407

To construct install, maintain and use five (5) door swings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2427 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) TOUS LES JOURS - 02019-4396

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1726
West Division Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) - 02019-4398

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2406
West Fullerton Avenue.

(1) WALGREENS #09000 - 02019-4403

To maintain and use seven (7) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as
2001 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) WALGREENS #1298 - 02019-4402

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1372
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) WEISSBLUTH PEDIATRICS - 02019-4405

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2401
North Western Avenue.

(1) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4412

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 1558 North Damen Avenue.

(1) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4416

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1564 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4419

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 2009 West North Avenue.

(1) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4422

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1553 North Damen Avenue.

(1) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4423

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1585 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) WINDY CITY (MINI MARKET) - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5396

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1756
West Chicago Avenue.

(2) 119 W. CHESTNUT CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4381

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) flood control under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 119 West Chestnut Street.

(2) 119 W. CHESTNUT CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4385

To construct, install, maintain and use, one (1) manhole under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 119 West Chestnut Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) 1468 ASHLAND, LLC - 02019-4387

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) door swings projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1468 North Ashland Avenue.

(2) 1528-1532 NORTH PAULINA CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4389

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1528 North Paulina Street.

(2) 1528-1532 NORTH PAULINA CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4390

To maintain and use, as now constructed seven (7) fence(s) decorative iron fences to go around seven
(7) existing planters on the public right-of?way for beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known
as 1528-1532 North Paulina Street.

(2) 1528-1532 NORTH PAULINA CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4391

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1528 North Paulina Street.

(2) 712 NORTH DEARBORN, LLC - 02019-4386

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 712 North Dearborn Street.

(2) A NEW LEAF - 02019-4307

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (seasonal floral merchandise) on
the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1645 North Wells Street.

(2) BANK OF AMERICA - 02019-4308

To maintain and use one sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1167
North State Street.

(2) CLARIDGE HOUSE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5401

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1244
North Dearborn Street.

(2) DEARBORN PLAZA APARTMENTS - 02019-4473

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1030 North Dearborn Street.

(2) DRYBAR - 02019-4310

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1611 North Sheffield Avenue.

(2) DRYBAR - 02019-4475

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1611 North Sheffield Avenue.

(2) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02019-4312

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2111
West Division Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) ELEVEN HUNDRED, LLC - 02019-4315

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) door swings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1100 North State Street.

(2) ELEVEN HUNDRED, LLC - 02019-4316

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) sheetings under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1100 North State Street.

(2) EQ3, LTD - 02019-4318

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1520
North Halsted Street.

(2) GO SPA, LLC - 02019-4319

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1551
North Mohawk Street.

(2) HOLLYWOOD GRILL - 02019-4323

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1601
West North Avenue.

(2) HOPSMITH TAVERN - 02019-4337

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) flag poles projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 15 West Division Street.

(2) HOPSMITH TAVERN - 02019-4338

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 15 West Division Street.

(2) INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA - 02019-4341

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1233 North Wells Street.

(2) ALL ABOUT MAGGIE EYEBROWS - 02019-4343

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 747
North LaSalle Drive.

(2) CHULA HAIR SALON, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5400

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2152
West Division Street.

(2) LAWSON HOUSE - 02019-4479

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 801 North Dearborn Street.

(2) LIFE STORAGE CENTERS OF LINCOLN PARK, LLC - 02019-4487

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1030 West North Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) LULULEMON USA, INC. - 02019-4348

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) building projections projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 944 West North Avenue.

(2) LULULEMON USA, INC. - 02019-4350

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) sunscreen on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 944 West North Avenue.

(2) MARIONS LOUKAS - 02019-4352

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 866 North State Street.

(2) MARIONS LOUKAS - 02019-4353

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 866 North State Street.

(2) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02019-4489

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 275 East Chestnut Street.

(2) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY SETTLEMENT ASSOCIATION - 02019-4354

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bridge projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 1400 West Augusta Boulevard.

(2) OLD LWIW RESTAURANT, INC. - 02019-4494

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2228 West Chicago Avenue.

(2) PALMOLIVE BUILDING CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4357

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 159 East Walton Place.

(2) PIPES AND STUFF XX - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5398

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1920
West North Avenue.

(2) PIZZA CAPRIIZIG ZAG KTICHEN - 02019-4358

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1733 North Halsted Street.

(2) PLANNED PARENTHOODICHICAGO AREA - 02019-4498

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1152 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) RABBIT HOLE - 02019-4360

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1208
North Wells Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2215 - 02019-4504

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 828 North State Street.

(2) STATE AND CHESTNUT 845 N. STATE ST. - 02019-4361

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirteen (13) caissons under the public right?of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 845 North State Street.

(2) STATE FARM INSURANCE, ANN NOLAN, AGENT - 02019-4363

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1631
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) INC. - 02019-4364

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1960
North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) THE CIRCLE SALON - 02019-4472

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2135 West Division Street.

(2) THE HANGGE-UPPE, INC. - 02019-4321

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 14 West Elm Street.

(2) TRATTORIA GIANNI - 02019-4510

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1711 North Halsted Street.

(2) VICTORIA MORTGAGE - 02019-4366

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1070
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) VILLAGE CYCLE CENTER, INC. - 02019-4512

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1337 North Wells Street.

(2) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4369

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1601 North Damen Avenue.

(2) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4371

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 1958 West North Avenue.

(2) WICKER PARK BUCKTOWN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-4373

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 2016 West North Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) WINDY CITY K-9 CLUB - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5397

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1628
North Elston Avenue.

(2) WINTRUST BANK - 02019-4515

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 190 East Delaware Place.

(2) YOGA SIX - 02019-4375

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2105
North Southport Avenue.

(2) YOGA SIX - 02019-4377

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1150
North State Street.

(2) YOLK - 02019-4517

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 747 North Wells Street.

(2) ZED 451 - 02019-4379

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) existing electrical vault under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 739 North Clark Street.

(3) 47TH AND CALUMET CURRENCY EXCHANGE, INC. - 02019-4467

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 310
East 47th Street.

(3) BP AMOCO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5405

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3101
South Michigan Avenue.

(3) CAFE BIONDA - 02019-4414

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1924 South State Street.

(3) HOME OF CHICKEN 8. WAFFLES - 02019-4420

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3947 South Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive.

(3) DANA LIQUORS, INC. - 02019-4427

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
124 East Pershing Road.

(3) DIGITAL LAKESIDE, LLC - 02019-4429

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 350 East Cermak Road.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(3) KIDS WONDERLAND - 02019-4434

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2028
South Michigan Avenue.

(3) METRA - 02019-4436

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) existing ramp with stairs on the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 114 West 35th Street.

(3) MIDWAY FOOD AND LIQUORS - 02019-4440

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) fire shutters projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5500 South State Street.

(3) NEMA CHICAGO - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5402

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1200
South Indiana Avenue.

(3) NEW 35TH INDIANA CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02019-4448

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 126
East 35th Street.

(3) QUINN CHAPEL - 02019-4451

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) handicap ramp on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 2401 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) BAR GRILL - 02019-4461

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2105 South State Street.

(3) BAR GRILL - 02019-4539

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2105 South State Street.

(3) BAR GRILL - 02019-4459

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2105 South State Street.

(3) SUMI - 02019-4463

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1303
South Michigan Avenue.

(3) VILLA JOIN THE MOVEMENT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5404

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 306
East 47th Street.

(4) 36TH AND KING DRIVE, INC. AMOCO - 02019-4491

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 342
East 35th Street.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(4) 705 SOUTH CLARK DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-4488

To maintain and use, to constructed, install, maintain and use three (3) building projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 707-739 South Clark Street.

(4) AMERICANA SUBMARINE - 02019-4477

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 400
South Clark Street.

(4) BEATRIX MARKET - 02019-4543

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 23 East Jackson Boulevard.

(4) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-4480

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1420
East 53rd Street.

(4) LOU PIZZERIA - 02019-4547

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 805 South State Street.

(4) AUTO PARKING CO. - 02019-4483

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 710
South Wabash Avenue.

(4) PEOPLES AUTO PARKING COMPANY - 02019-4551

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 704 South Wabash Avenue.

(4) RAIN OR SHINE M.B. CHURCH - 02019-4553

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 704 East 43rd Street.

(4) REFUGE LIVE -02019-4484

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 416
South Clark Street.

(4) SOME LIKE IT BLACK CREATIVE ARTS BAR - 02019-4557

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4259 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) URBAN GROCERY - 02019-4558

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 729 South State.

(5) 1600 EAST 53RD STREET LLC - 02019-4712

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5252 South Cornell Avenue.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(5) 1600 EAST 53RD STREET LLC - 02019-4722

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5252 South Cornell Avenue.

(5) 1600 EAST. 53RD STREET, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5385

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5252
South Cornell Avenue.

(5) CAPITAL ONE CAFE - 02019-4565

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) window frames projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1465 East 53rd Street.

(5) FIRST AID COMICS - 02019-4566

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1617
East 55th Street.

(5) JEFFERY PUB - 02019-4568

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7041
South Jeffery Boulevard.

(5) KIKUYA RESTAURANT - 02019-4573

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1601
East 55th Street.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-4575

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1509-1517 East 57th Street.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-4599

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5500 South Cornell Avenue.

(5) - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5406

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6560
South Stony Island Avenue.

(5) DELI - 02019-4602

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5500
South Cornell Avenue.

(5) NOODLES, ETC. - 02019-4582

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 133 East 57th Street.

(5) PHO 55 NOODLE AND GRILL, INC. - 02019-4603

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1611
East 55th Street.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(5) PIZZA CAPRI - 02019-4604

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirteen (13) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1501 East 53rd Street.

(5) SALONICA RESTAURANT - 02019-4586

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1438-1440 East 57th Street.

(5) SALONICA RESTAURANT - 02019-4607

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1438-1440 East 57th Street.

(5) SECURITY SHOP, INC. SOUTH - 02019-4609

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1605
East 55th Street.

(5) SEOUL COREA RESTAURANT - 02019-4611

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1603
East 55th Street.

(5) SILLIMAN GROUP LLC - 02019-4616

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1509-1517 East 57th Street.

(5) SUBWAY - 02019-4591

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1449 East 57th Street.

(5) TECH BOX - 02019-4618

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1623
East 55th Street.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4622

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bollard(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5801 South Woodlawn Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4629

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 800 East 55th Street.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4641

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5201 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4646

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) ducts under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5555 South Ellis Avenue.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4650

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) manholes under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5201 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4658

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) pedestrian bridge on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 5656 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4664

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) sheetings under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5656 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4673

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tunnel under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5656 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4634

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) conduits under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 924 East 57th Street.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO FILE #26 - 02019-4683

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) pipe under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5640 South University Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO #56 - 02019-4684

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) earth retention system under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5640 South Ellis Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO FILE #8 - 02019-4681

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bollard(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5800 South University Avenue.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO, FILE #58 - 02019-4689

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) pedestrian bridge under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 931 East 57th Street.

(5) THE UNIVERSITY OF PARKING LOT - 02019-4705

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ramp on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5735 South Ellis Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4655

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) paved crosswalk on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 5530 South Ellis Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4660

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5801 South Ellis Avenue.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4667

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tieback system under the public right?of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1100 East 57th Street.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-4674

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tunnel under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5700 South Ellis Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4693

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bollards on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4694

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) door swings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4695

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) grease basins under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4697

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4698

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) sheeting under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS - 02019-4703

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) fire escapes projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5801 South Dorchester Avenue.

(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4700

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one hundred (100) tieback systems under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5700 South Maryland Avenue.

(5) VILLAGE EYECARE - 02019-4707

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1621
East 55th Street.

(5) VISANU THAI 55, INC. - 02019-4710

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1607
East 55th Street.

(5) VOGUE CLEANERS - 02019-4593

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1442 East 57th Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(6) CHATHAM JEWERLY LOAN, INC. - 02019-4596

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 645-647 East 79th Street.

(6) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY, LLC - 02019-4752

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 104
East 79th Street.

(6) NEW HORIZON STEEL - 02019-4756

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 411 East 75th Street.

(6) RHODES CLEANERS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5392

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 514
East 79th Street.

(6) SPIRITS BEVERAGE DEPOT - 02019-4738

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 6601 South Halsted Street.

(6) SPIRITS BEVERAGE DEPOT - 02019-4740

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
6601 South Halsted Street.

(8) CHI CHI NAILS - 02019-4600

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 822 East 79th Street.

(8) EMPIRE HOTEL - 02019-4730

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 7621
South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(8) FINAL TOUCH HAIR AND BARBER SALON - 02019-4606

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 820 East 79th Street.

(8) HOE TOY RESTAURANT - 02019-4731

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 8559
South Stony Island Avenue.

(8) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY, LLC - 02019-4754

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1932
East 95th Street.

(8) JULIUS MCCOY - 02019-4608

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 8157 South South Chicago Avenue.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(8) SKYWAY MOTEL SUITES, INC. - 02019-4735

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 9132-
9138 South Stony Island Avenue.

(8) SOUTH SHORE MOTEL SUITES, INC. - 02019-4737

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 8101
South Stony Island Avenue.

(8) STONY ISLAND MOTEL - 02019-4744

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9201
South Stony Island Avenue.

(8) WOODARD BUILDING, INC. - 02019-4610

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 7850 South Jefferey Boulevard.

(9) QUICK STOP FOOD LIQUOR MART, INC. - 02019-4767

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 409
East 111th Street.

(9) ROSE-RIDGE FOODS - 02019-4612

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 10500 South Michigan Avenue.

(9) SHELDON LIQUORS - 02019-4769

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 421
East 103rd Street.

(10) BIRRIERIA OCOTLAN - 02019-4620

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 8726 South Commercial Avenue.

(10) GOMEZ TACOS RESTAURANT - 02019-4771

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3016
East 91st Street.

(10) JAIMES TRUCK REPAIR, LLC - 02019-4773

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 10326
South lndiananpolis Avenue.

(10) THE VRDOLYAK LAW GROUP, LLC - 02019-4617

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 9618 South Commerical Avenue.

(10) VILLA JOIN THE MOVEMENT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5399

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9059
South Commercial Avenue.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(11) ACE BAKERY - 02019-4624

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3241 South Halsted Street.

(11) ACE BAKERY - 02019-4779

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3241 South Halsted Street.

(11) ACE BAKERY - 02019-4782

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3241
South Halsted Street.

(11) CHOCOLAT UZMA - 02019-4783

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) park benches on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1900 South Halsted Street.

(11) FREDDIES - 02019-4787

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 701 West 31st Street.

(11) KINGS STONEWORKS - 02019-4627

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1520 West Pershing Road.

(11) KINGS STONEWORKS - 02019-4790

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1520 West Pershing Road.

(11) LA MOM KITCHEN - 02019-4792

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3312
South Halsted Street.

(11) MEXICAN RESTAURANT - 02019-4797

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 733
West Maxwell Street.

(11) MARTINEZ SUPERMARKET, INC. - 02019-4807

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3301
South Morgan Street.

(11) MI LINDO MEXICO MARKET, LLC - 02019-4311

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 538
West Pershing Road.

(11) MN GALLERY 8. STUDIO, INC. - 02019-4631

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3524 South Halsted Street.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(11) - 02019-4636

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3267 South Halsted Street.

(11) PANCHO PISTOLAS MEXICAN RESTAURANT - 02019-4815

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 700
West 31st Street.

(11) PIZZA AND PASTA - 02019-4640

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2600 South Wallace Street.

(11) STEAK SHAKE - 02019-4644

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1322 South Halsted Street.

(11) TAQUERIA SAN JOSE #1 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5415

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3253
South Halsted Street.

(12) HONG KONG TWIN LENS AUTO SERVICE REPAIR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-
5407

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1816-
1824 West Pershing Road.

(12) LA IGUANITA RESTAURANT, INC. - 02019-4654

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3733 South Kedzie Avenue.

(12) TIERRA CALIENTE, INC. - 02019-4818

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4070
South Archer Avenue.

(13) AZTEK AUTOMOTIVE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5408

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6425
South Pulaski Road.

(13) RAY BUICK, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5409

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5011
West 63rd Street.

(14) AGENCIA MEXICANA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5410

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2701
West 51st Street.

(14) AMB TIRE SERVICES SALES, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5412

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2548
West 51 st Street.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(14) CHICAGO SPORTS BAR GRILL, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5411

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4335
West 47th Street.

(15) RICARDO RESTAURANT - 02019-4820

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4209
South Kedzie Avenue.

(15) FAMILY DOLLAR #7057 - 02019-4822

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1615
West 59th Street.

(15) NEIGHBORSPACE - 02019-4824

To maintain, and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5831-5845 South Wolcott Avenue.

(15) RESTAURANTE TAQUERIA GUERRERO - 02019-4657

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1922 West 47th Street.

(17) CATHOLIC CHARITIES DIBIA WIC FOOD CENTERS - 02019-4826

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1106
West 79th Street.

(17) FOOD MARKET - 02019-4663

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3101 West 63rd Street.

(17) KING FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-4828

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6759
South Western Avenue.

(17) ROSA FOOD MARKET - 02019-4659

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2835 West 63rd Street.

(18) - 02019-4845

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 8352
South Pulaski Road.

(18) BEVERLY COUNTRY CLUB - 02019-4847

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2540 West 87th Street.

(18) DOLLAR GENERAL STORE #11784 - 02019-4853

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) exterior mount projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2019 West 79th Street.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(18) DOLLAR GENERAL STORE #11784 - 02019-4856

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2019 West 79th Street.

(18) DOLLAR GENERAL STORE #11784 - 02019-4861

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2019 West 79th Street.

(18) DOLLAR GENERAL STORE #11784 - 02019-4863

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2019
West 79th Street.

(18) GROWERS OUTLET CO. - 02019-4865

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) mobile carts on wheels, to display merchandise
(flower, plants, and garden products) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7757
South Western Avenue.

(18) US CHICAGO AUTO SALES, INC. - 02019-4868

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 7333
South Western Avenue.

(19) ATI PHYSICAL THERAPY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5414

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9645
South Western Avenue.

(19) BEVERLY AREA PLANNING ASSOCIATION - 02019-4874

To maintain and use, as now constructed two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1908-1912 West 103rd Street.

(19) DOLLAR TREE #06910 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5413

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as
11037-11043 South Kedzie Avenue.

(19) PLAYHOUSE - 02019-4912

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1855
West 95th Street.

(19) WISEGUYS PIZZA - 02019-4919

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3822
West 111th Street.

(20) GORDON FAMILY CHIROPRATIC - 02019-4924

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5769
South Wentworth Avenue.

(20) HEARTLAND HEALTH OUTREACH - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5421

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5501
South Halsted Street.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(20) TAQUERIA ATOTONICO #2 - 02019-4928

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1649
West 47th Street.

(21) CHICAGO INTERNATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOL - 02019-4943

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) ramps on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1309 West 95th Street.

(21) FAMILY DOLLAR #5392 - 02019-4950

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1200 West 87th Street.

(21) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #7612 - 02019-4958

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7927
South Ashland Avenue.

(21) DENTAL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5425

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9612
South Halsted Street.

(21) STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02019-4962

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1813
West 87th Street.

(22) A GOMEZ TIRES WHEELS, INC. - 02019-4747

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stair case on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3000 South Kostner Avenue.

(22) CREMERIA SANTA MARIE, INC. - 02019-4749

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for a (promotional plastic cow) on
the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3424 West 26th Street.

(22) EL PROGRESO - 02019-4751

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3937 West 31st Street.

(22) EL SINALOENSE - 02019-4753

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2759
South Pulaski Road.

(23) BARBER - 02019-4755

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Pole projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 6743 West Archer Avenue.

(23) CSL PLASMA, INC. - 02019-4757

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5775
South Archer Avenue.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(23) FIRST MIDWEST BANK - 02019-4758

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6366
South Archer Avenue.

(23) JUAN DANIEL HAIR DESIGN, P.C. - 02019-4669

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3748 West 63rd Street.

(23) RIDGE FUNERAL HOME #4190 - 02019-4760

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6620
West Archer Avenue.

(23) FIREWATER SALOON, INC. - 02019-4671

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5834 South Kedzie Avenue.

(23) UNITED TAX AND TRAVEL - 02019-4677

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6058 South Pulaski Road.

(24) SUPERSUB, INC. - 02019-4763

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3943
West Roosevelt Road.

(24) LA VINATA - 02019-4764

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3118-3124 West Cermak Road .

(24) PLAZA FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-4678

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3459 West Ogden Avenue.

(24) SUN SHINE FOOD LIQUOR, INC. - 02019-4768

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3900
West Roosevelt Road.

(24) THE CONNECTION - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5429

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2020
South Pulaski Road.

(25) AFTN, INC. - 02019-4834

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2217
South Wentworth Avenue.

(25) ASIAN TEA - 02019-4836

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2406
South Wentworth Avenue.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(25) PIZZA - 02019-4837

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1659
West 21st Street.

(25) BURDEEN SHOE CO., INC. - 02019-4687

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2139 West Cermak Road.

(25) CHINESE CHRISTIAN UNION CHURCH - 02019-4841

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2261
South Wentworth Avenue.

(25) DOLLAR TREE #06904 - 02019-4846

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2118
West Cermak Road.

(25) DONGPO IMPRESSION - 02019-4848

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 228
West Cremak Road.

(25) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-4850

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1720
South Ashland Avenue.

(25) HELLO JASMINE - 02019-4854

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2026
South Clark Street.

(25) LA CASA DEL PUEBLO, INC. - 02019-4690

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1810 South Blue Island Avenue.

(25) LA CASA DEL PUEBLO, INC. - 02019-4857

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1810
South Blue Island Avenue.

(25) MEAN BAO - 02019-4860

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1139
West Taylor Street.

(25) MONNIE - 02019-4864

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1159-
1163 West 18th Street.

(25) MONTERREY SECURITY CONSULTANTS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5436
To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2232
South Blue Island Avenue.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(25) PILSEN 2001, LLC - 02019-4867

To construct, install, maintain, and use one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2001 West 18th Street.

(25) PILSEN 2001, LLC - 02019-4870

To maintain and use, as now constructed one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2001 West 18th Street .

(25) PILSEN 2001, LLC - 02019-4871

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) steps on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 2001 West 18th Street.

(25) TN CHI - 02019-4873

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1158
West Taylor Street.

(25) TAYLOR STREET PROPERTIES LLC. - 02019-4876

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two steps on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1074-1076 West Taylor.

(25) TAYLOR STREET - 02019-4875

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1074-1076 West Taylor Street.

(25) THALIA HALL - 02019-4878

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) fire escapes projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1807 South Allport Street.

(25) THE CROSS ROADS BAR GRILL - 02019-4844

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1120-1124 West Madison Street.

(25) URUAPAN - 02019-4691

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1725 West 18th Street.

(25) WEST LOOP FIT BODY BOOT CAMP - 02019-4879

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1043
West Madison Street.

(25) WESTERN POULTRY - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5432

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2003
South Western Avenue.

(25) WNDR MUSEUM - 02019-4708

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1130 West Monroe Street.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(25) WNDR MUSEUM - 02019-4882

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1130 West Monroe Street.

(25) YOGA SIX - 02019-4883

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1136
South Delano Court.

(26) ANTHONY, INC. DESIGN SOLUTIONS - 02019-4741

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2041 West Grand Avenue.

(26) BOOST MOBILE - 02019-4780

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3205
West North Avenue.

(26) BRISA FOODS, INC. - 02019-4742

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2156 North Kimball Avenue.

(26) CALIFORNIA DIVISION CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02019-4786

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2745
West Division Street.

(26) CARNICERIAS JIMENEZ - (SUBSTITUTE) - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 802019-5441

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4204-
4216 West North Avenue.

(26) CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP FLOCK - 02019-4791

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2435
West Division Street.

(26) DOROTHY - 02019-4793

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Door Swing(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2500 West Chicago Avenue.

(26) EL ORIGINAL CHAVAS TACOS, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5445

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2333
West Grand Avenue.

(26) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-4795

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 820
North Western Avenue.

(26) GLORY BEAUTY SUPPLY - 02019-4743

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4021 West North Avenue.

28

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(26) GRAPHIC IMAGE CORPORATION - 02019-4745

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2035 West Grand Avenue.

(26) GREEN TREE DENTAL - 02019-4852

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3309
West North Avenue .

(26) AND BLOCK - 02019-4746

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3925 West North Avenue.

(26) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY - 02019-4750

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3517 West North Avenue.

(26) IN SIGHT SIGN COMPANY, INC. - 02019-4799

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3910
West Grand Avenue.

(26) JOYFUL NOISE CHRISTIAN DAYCARE, INC. - 02019-4762

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4243 West North Avenue.

(26) LA BRUQUENA RESTAURANT LOUNGE - 02019-4804

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2726 West Division Street .

(26) LA PENA - 02019-4306

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4104 West North Avenue.

(26) NORFORD HOTEL, INC. SRO - 02019-4810

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1508 North Pulaski Road.

(26) NORFORD HOTEL, INC. SRO - 02019-4812

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1508
North Pulaski Road.

(26) NORTH AND PULASKI ELDERLY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-4816

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 Water Service Valve Vault under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 3949 West North Avenue.

(26) NORTH AND PULASKI ELDERLY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-4832

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sewer vault under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 3949 West North Avenue.

29

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(26) PUERTO RICAN CULTURAL CENTER - 02019-4817

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 2739-2741 West Division Street.

(26) RICHARDS BODY SHOP ON GRAND, INC. - 02019-4819

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2666
West Grand Avenue.

(26) SCISSORS HANDS - 02019-4775

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3302 West Armitage Avenue.

(26) FOOD LIQUOR, INC. - 02019-4777

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2600 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) 1308 ELSTON (CHICAGO) INVESTORS - 02019-5032

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1308
North Elston Avenue.

(27) ABERDEEN OWNER, LLC - 02019-4902

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 740 North Aberdeen Street.

(27) ABERDEEN OWNER, LLC - 02019-4904

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) cornice(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 740 North Aberdeen Street.

(27) ABM INDUSTRIES GROUP, LLC - 02019-4906

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 530
West Chicago Avenue.

(27) ALHAMBRA PALACE RESTAURANT - 02019-4907

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) entrance enclosure on the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 1240 West Randolph Street.

(27) ALHAMBRA PALACE RESTAURANT - 02019-4908

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1240 West Randolph Street.

(27) ALHAMBRA PALACE RESTAURANT - 02019-4911

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1240
West Randolph Street.

(27) ALHAMBRA PALACE RESTAURANT - 02019-4915

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1240 West Randolph Street.

30

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) ATI PHYSICAL THERAPY - 02019-4917

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 939
West North Avenue.

(27) BENCHMARK BAR GRILL - 02019-4921

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1508-1510 North Wells Street.

(27) BEST SUB, INC. - 02019-4789

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3156 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) BRO-N-LAWS BAR-B-Q, LLC - 02019-4926

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3820 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) BRO-N-LAWS BAR-B-Q, LLC - 02019-4930

To maintain and use, as now constructed. one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3820 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) BURNT BREW YARDS - 02019-4934

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 417-427 North Ashland Avenue.

(27) BURNT BREW YARDS - 02019-4938

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) window and frames projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 417-427 North Ashland Avenue.

(27) BURNT BREW YARDS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5459

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 417-
427 North Ashland Avenue.

(27) CATHERINE COOK SCHOOL - 02019-4798

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 226 West Schiller Street.

(27) CVSIPHARMACY #11376 - 02019-4945

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1034
West Lake Street.

(27) DOLLAR TREE #06898 - 02019-4947

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3401
West Chicago Avenue.

(27) EL CHE STEAKHOUSE BAR - 02019-4952

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 845 West Washington Boulevard.

31

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) EL CHE STEAKHOUSE BAR - 02019-4955

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 845 West Washington Boulevard.

(27) EL CHE STEAKHOUSE BAR - 02019-4960

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
845 West Washington Boulevard.

(27) EMPIRE COOLER SERVICE, INC. - 02019-4963

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 940
West Chicago Avenue.

(27) FOXTROT MARKET - 02019-4966

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1562
North Wells Street.

(27) FULTON MARKET KITCHEN - 02019-4968

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 311
North Sangamon Street.

(27) GOOSE ISLAND SHRIMP HOUSE, INC. - 02019-4970

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1013
West Division Street.

(27) GREEN STREET LOCAL - 02019-4972

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 130
South Green Street.

(27) GRIDDLE 24 - 02019-4973

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 334 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) JAYBEAN SCRAP METAL 00., INC. - 02019-4975

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2910 West Carroll Avenue.

(27) ICE CREAMS - 02019-4978

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 908
West Randolph Street.

(27) JIFFY LUBE #2565 - 02019-4979

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1049
West North Avenue.

(27) IMPORTS - 02019-4983

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 813
West Fulton Market.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) IMPORTS - 02019-4984

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 813 West Fulton Market.

(27) LABRIOLA BAKERY AND CAFE - 02019-4988

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1301
West Lake Street.

(27) MOMOTARO - 02019-4992

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 820 West Lake Street.

(27) MOONLIGHT STUDIOS, INC. - 02019-4805

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1446 West Kinzie Street.

(27) MR. CLARENCE L. BURCH - 02019-4941

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1251 North Clybourn Avenue.

(27) PIZZA - 02019-4996

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1000
West Washington Boulevard.

(27) OK HEATING COOLING, INC. - 02019-4809

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 446 North Western Avenue.

(27) ORIENTAL KITCHEN CORPORATION - 02019-5001

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 223 North Justine Street.

(27) POMP CIRCUMSTANCE - 02019-5003

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) trash container(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1400 North Wells Street.

(27) REBEL AND RYE TAVERN - 02019-5008

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 726
West Grand Avenue.

(27) RICCARDO OSTERIA - 02019-4813

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1023 West Lake Street.

(27) RICCARDO OSTERIA - 02019-5004

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty three (23) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1023 West Lake Street.

33

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) ROOH CHICAGO - 02019-5010

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 736
West Randolph Street.

(27) SANTORINI - 02019-4289

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 800 West Adams Street.

(27) SATUI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5460

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 171
North Aberdeen Street.

(27) STARBUCKS COFFEE #11719 - 02019-5015

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 116
South Halsted Street.

(27) T-MOBILE CENTRAL, LLC - 02019-5019

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 120
South Halsted Street.

(27) THE BANDIT - 02019-4918

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 841
West Randolph Street.

(27) THE BREAKFAST CLUB, INC. - 02019-4794

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1381 West Hubbard Street.

(27) THE GARDNER SCHOOL - 02019-4802

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1301 West Madison Street.

(27) THE NIGHT MINISTRY - 02019-4999

To maintain and use, as now constructed one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1110 North Noble Street.

(27) THE PUBLICAN - 02019-5005

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 837
West Fulton Market.

(27) VAJRA RESTAURANT - 02019-5021

To construct, install, maintain, and use one (1) door swing projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1329 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) VCA LAKE SHORE ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02019-5025

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 960
West Chicago Avenue.

34

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) YOLK LINCOLN PARK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5449

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1504
North Fremont Street.

(28) 1515 MONROE PROPERTY, LLC - 02019-4465

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) Door Swings on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 1515 West Monroe Street .

(28) 1515 MONROE PROPERTY, LLC - 02019-4466

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1515 West Monroe Street .

(28) BACCI CAFE PIZZERIA LTD. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5461

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2301
West Taylor Street.

(28) CHICAGO CHAMPS, INC. - 02019-4445

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3931
West Madison Street.

(28) STYLE WORLD - 02019-4840

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4436 West Madison Street.

(28) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #6618 - 02019-4449

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4247 West Madison Street.

(28) FRANKS FOOD MART 1 - 02019-4452

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5050
West Madison Street .

(28) FRANKS FOOD MART 1 - 02019-4849

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5050 West Madison Street .

(28) ICE HOUSE LIQUORS - 02019-4453

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 356
North Cicero Avenue.

(28) LIQUORS - 02019-4455

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3015 West Madison Street.

(28) RUSH UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4457

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bridge(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1520 West Harrison Street.

35

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(28) RUSH UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4458

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Earth Retention System(s) under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1520 West Harrison Street.

(28) RUSH UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4460

To maintain and use, as now to construct, install, maintain sixty-four (64) Tieback System(s) under the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1520 West Harrison Street.

(28) SHIPPING AND BEYOND - 02019-4884

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1440 West Taylor Street.

(28) TOP FOOD MART INC. - 02019-4886

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 15 South Cicero Avenue.

(28) VILLA JOIN THE MOVEMENT - 02019-4462

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3913-
3919 West Madison Street.

(28) WHITE CASTLE #75 - 02019-4464

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3901
West Madison Street .

(29) EURO CAFE - 02019-4890

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2435 North Harlem Avenue.

(29) FAIR FINANCIALSIEXPRESS TAX - 02019-4468

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5603
West Chicago Avenue.

(29) FAMILY DOLLAR #5002 - 02019-4470

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 100
South Laramie Avenue.

(29) HAIRTECH THE SALON - 02019-4896

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6468 West North Avenue.

(29) KS LAW GROUP, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5462

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7153
West Belmont Avenue.

(29) FOOD MARKET - 02019-4471

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5615
West Madison Street.

36

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(29) PREVENTION PARTNERSHIP - 02019-4905

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5936 West Lake Street.

(30) 6039-6043 BELMONT PARTNERSHIP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5417

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6039
West Belmont Avenue.

(30) BFS RETAIL COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-
5416

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5811
West Belmont Avenue.

(30) BRISTOL DELI LIQUOR - 02019-4839

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3086 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(30) BURRITO KING - 02019-4474

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4754
West Belmont Avenue.

(30) - 02019-4476

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3938-
3942 West School Street.

(30) DJ WINE SPIRITS - 02019-4843

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6107-6111 West Diversey Avenue.

(30) LAS ISLAS MARIAS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5418

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3243
North Pulaski Road.

(30) PARKSIDE - 02019-4478

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3920
West Diversey Avenue.

(30) RETRO CAFE RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5419

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3246
North Central Avenue.

(30) WINTER GLOBE - 02019-4482

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6152
West Belmont Avenue.

(31) ALLSTATE - 02019-4490

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4357
West Diversey Avenue.

37

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(31) BUENOS AIRES DELI - 02019-4851

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3100 North Cicero Avenue.

(31) CENTRAL AUTO CARE, INC. - 02019-4493

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3011
North Central Avenue.

(31) CHILDREN CITY CHILDCARE, INC. - 02019-4855

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4918?4922 West Fullerton Avenue.

(31) FAMILY DOLLAR #5539 - 02019-4496

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4748
West Fullerton Avenue.

(31) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY - 02019-4500

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3024
North Pulaski Road.

(31) NECESSARY SUFFICIENT COFFEE - 02019-4501

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3624 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(31) NECESSARY SUFFICIENT COFFEE - 02019-4503

To maintain and use. as now constructed, one (1) park bench on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3624 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(31) NECESSARY SUFFICIENT COFFEE - 02019-4505

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3624 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(31) NECESSARY SUFFICIENT COFFEE - 02019-4507

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3624 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(31) NEW COMMUNICATIONS, INC. - 02019-4859

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4423 West Fullerton Avenue.

(31) NORTHWEST COMMUNITY CHURCH - 02019-4508

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5318
West Diversey Avenue.

(31) ZORBAS BAKERY - 02019-4880

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3111 North Central Avenue.

38

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) 525 BARRY NO.1, LLC - 02019-4564

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1917
West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) ALBANY LIQUORS AND FOOD - 02019-4932

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3048 West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) ALPHACARE PHARMACY - 02019-4523

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3207
West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) BEFORE YOU GO LIQUORS - 02019-4526

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1917
West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) BREAKFAST HOUSE RESTAURANT - 02019-4528

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3001 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) CHAY FRATELLOS - 02019-4530

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2239-
2241 North Western Avenue.

(32) COLDWELL BANKER - 02019-4936

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1457 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) DAFFODILS - 02019-4531

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1935
West Armitage Avenue.

(32) DIAG BAR WINE BAR - 02019-4949

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2852 North Southport Avenue.

(32) DIAG BAR 7 WINE BAR - 02019-4535

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 2852 North Southport Avenue.

(32) DOGS DAY INN CORPORATION - 02019-4971

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1719 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(32) - 02019-4533

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2401 North Clybourn Avenue.

39

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) 02019-4990

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2401 North Clybourn Avenue.

(32) EL CID TACOS #2 - 02019-5002

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2645 North Kedzie Avenue.

(32) FOR YOUR CHILD PRESCHOOL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5420

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2411
North Marshfield Avenue.

(32) FOUR SHADOWS - 02019-4537

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) flag poles projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2758 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) FOUR SHADOWS - 02019-4540

To maintain and use. as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2758 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) GRATITUDE-HEART-GARDEN FLORIST - 02019-5016

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2058 West Roscoe Street.

(32) IPSENTO COFFEE - 02019-4542

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1813
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) JOURNEY PHYSICAL THERAPY - 02019-5031

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2250 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) KALEIDOKIDS - 02019-4544

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2157 North Damen Avenue.

(32) NAIL SALON - 02019-4546

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1917
West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) LABOR TEMPS - 02019-4548

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2147
North Western Avenue.

(32) LINCOLN DENTAL CARE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5422

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3138
North Lincoln Avenue.

40

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) LITTLE BEANS CAFE - 02019-4559

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1809 West Webster Avenue.

(32) NORTH WOOD CLEANERS - 02019-5035

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1605 North Wood Street.

(32) PAN ERA BREAD #1152 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5423

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2310
West Logan Boulevard.

(32) PLACE - 02019-4561

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2825 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) PINK NAIL SPA - 02019-4562

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2204
West North Avenue.

(32) ST. JOHN BERCHMANS - 02019-4563

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) park benches on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 2524 West Altgeld Street.

(33) 4LW CAFE - 02019-4576

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3022
West Diversey Avenue.

(33) AMERICA TRANSFERS, INC. - 02019-4569

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3212
West Lawrence Avenue.

(33) FRUIT RANCH - 02019-4570

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4733 North Kedzie Avenue.

(33) CARNICERIA RUIZ, INC. - 02019-4899

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3001 North Kedzie Avenue.

(33) CHRISTIAN UNDERTAKE SERVICES, INC. - 02019-4901

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3100 West lrving Park Road.

(33) DM WIRELESS SERVICES, INC. - 02019-4572

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3338
West Lawrence Avenue.

41

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(33) NEW YORK BAKERY - 02019-4913

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3455 West Lawrence Avenue.

(33) SM SERVICE GROUP, INC. D.B.A NONSTOP LOCKSMITH - 02019-4910

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3035 West Montrose Avenue.

(33) VELASQUEZ SONS, INC. - 02019-4574

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2845
West Belmont Avenue.

(33) VELASQUEZ SONS, INC. - 02019-4931

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2845 West Belmont Avenue.

(34) IMPERIAL MOTEL SUITES - 02019-4578

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 45
West 103rd Street.

(34) MURPHY PALMER - 02019-5273

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 9707 South Halsted Street.

(34) MURPHY PALMER - 02019-5280

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 9709 South Halsted Street.

(34) SHELDON LIQUORS - 02019-4580

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 11112
South Halsted Street.

(34) THE WAREHOUSE - 02019-5286

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 538 West 119th Street.

(35) ARMITAGE HAIR SALON - 02019-4939

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4257 West Armitage Avenue.

(35) CARIBELLA - 02019-4942

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3311 West Fullerton Avenue.

(35) TAVERN - 02019-4946

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3556 West Belmont Avenue.

42

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(35) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #7469 - 02019-4584

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3429 West Diversey Avenue.

(35) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #7469 - 02019-4587

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3429
West Diversey Avenue.

(35) HAPPY DAY FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-4590

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3755
West Montrose Avenue.

(35) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY - 02019-4592

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3415
West Irving Park Road.

(35) L03 MOLCAJETES - 02019-4594

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3532 West Montrose Avenue.

(35) MIRABELLA ITALIAN CUISINE BAR - 02019-4954

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3454 West Addison Street.

(35) THE BURLINGTON - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5424

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3425
West Fullerton Avenue.

(36) ARMITAGE GOLD STAR LIQUORS - 02019-4959

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4800 West Armitage Avenue.

(36) CAFE PRAGUE - 02019-4619

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) door swing(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 6710 West Belmont Avenue.

(36) CHICAGO CHARTER SCHOOL FOUNDATION-WEST BELDEN CAMPUS - 02019-4623

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) duct(s) the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 2245 North Mcvicker Avenue.

(36) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #6681 - 02019-4626

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5222 West Grand Avenue.

(36) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #6681 - 02019-4628

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5222
West Grand Avenue.

43

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(36) PRIME BARBER LOUNGE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5426

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5752
West Addison Street.

(37) CARSTAR GRAND AVENUE - 02019-4967

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4723 West Grand Avenue.

(37) EL MEXICO MODERN BALLROOM, INC. - 02019-4635

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1643-1647 North Cicero Avenue.

(37) FAMILY DOLLAR #2458 - 02019-4639

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5410
West Chicago Avenue.

(37) MOSES BUTCHER SHOP - 02019-4987

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5057 West Division Street.

(37) PRO TECH METAL FINISHING CORP - 02019-4642

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sampling chamber under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1428 North Kilpatrick Avenue.

(37) FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-4645

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5201
West Lake Street.

(37) WALGREENS #04938 - 02019-4649

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4748
West North Avenue.

(38) ALFA ASSOCIATES - 02019-4653

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3420
North Harlem Avenue.

(38) COPELAND DENTAL CARE - 02019-5027

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5955 West Irving Park Road.

(38) DUNNING POUR HOUSE - 02019-5012

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7718 West Addison Street.

(38) DUNNING POUR HOUSE - 02019-5018

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7718 West Addison Street.

44

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(38) FARMERS INSURANCE CO. - 02019-5022

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 7543 West Irving Park Road.

(38) THE DOG ROOM - 02019-4994

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 7340 West Addison Street.

(39) PROPERTIES - 02019-5288

To maintain and use. as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6321 North Central Avenue.

(39) ILLINOIS VEHICLE INSURANCE AGENCY, LLC - 02019-4662

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5207
North Elston Avenue.

(39) LAKE VIEW ART SUPPLY - 02019-5275

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3314 West Foster Avenue.

(39) LOGOS MISSIONS - 02019-4665

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5265
North Elston Avenue.

(39) ITALIAN CUISINE PIZZERIA, INC. - 02019-5282

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3431 West Peterson Avenue.

(39) NORTH PARK PHARMACY - 02019-4666

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3324
West Foster Avenue.

(39) PB MALTZ, LLC - 02019-5283

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4006-4008 West Montrose Avenue.

(39) MINI DETAIL CENTER - 02019-5285

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4454 North Elston Avenue.

(39) SMAKTAK, INC. - 02019-5290

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5961 North Elston Avenue.

(39) STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02019-4668

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4034
West Lawrence Avenue.

45

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(39) T-MOBILE LIMITED - 02019-4670

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4001
West Montrose Avenue.

(39) WALGREENS #09709 - 02019-4672

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4010
West Lawrence Avenue.

(40) ARMAND SALON SUITES ll - 02019-4821

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5820
North Clark Street.

(40) CARDINAL WINE SPIRITS - 02019-4823

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4905
North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) HALLMARK JOHNSON PROPERTY MGMT - 02019-5054

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5139 North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) HALLMARK JOHNSON PROPERTY MGMT - 02019-5055

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5141 North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) HALLMARK JOHNSON PROPERTY MGMT - 02019-5058

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5145 North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) HALLMARK JOHNSON PROPERTY MGMT - 02019-5060

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5147 North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) HALLMARK JOHNSON PROPERTY MGMT - 02019-5062

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5149 North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) HARVESTIME FOODS - 02019-4825

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2626
West Lawrence Avenue.

(40) HEART 0 CHICAGO MOTEL - 02019-4827

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5990
North Ridge Avenue.

(40) PATIO GAS - 02019-4829

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6260-
6262 North Clark Street.

46

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(40) PIATTO PRONTO - 02019-5064

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5624 North Clark Street.

(40) PRIDE SUSHI AND THAI - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5427

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2706
West Peterson Avenue.

(40) SUBWAY - 02019-5066

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 6555 North Clark Street.

(40) WALGREENS #06980 - 02019-4831

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3019
West Peterson Avenue.

(41) AVENUES TO INDEPENDENCE THRIFT - 02019-4887

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7710
West Touhy Avenue.

(41) CAFE TOUCHE - 02019-5075

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6731 North Northwest Highway.

(41) EDWARD D. JONES - 02019-4889

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6041
North Northwest Highway.

(41) EGANVANCE INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. - 02019-5077

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5300 West Devon Avenue.

(41) GRAYLAND STATION - 02019-4888

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5514
West Devon Avenue.

(41) NEIGHBORSPACE - 02019-4891

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6355-6359 West Estes Avenue.

(41) NORTHSIDE DENTAL IMPLANTSISIMPLY DENTAL IMPLANTS - 02019-4893

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5447
North Harlem Avenue.

(41) SAFEGUARD SELF STORAGE - 02019-4895

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6244
North Northwest Highway.

47

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(41) SOUP SCOOPS, LLC - 02019-5079

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 6709 North Olmsted Avenue.

(41) BEAUTY BOULEVARD - 02019-4897

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6807
West Higgins Avenue.

(42) 100 EAST HURON STREET CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-5272

To maintain and use. as now constructed, one (1) fuel tank under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 100 East Huron Street.

(42) 100 EAST HURON STREET CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-5274

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sundeck over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 100 East Huron Street.

(42) 19 SOUTH WABASH, LLC - 02019-5266

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) door swings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 19 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) 25 EAST ERIE, LLC - 02019-5269

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bollard(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 25 East Erie Street.

(42) 314 WEST SUPERIOR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-5277

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 314 West Superior Street.

(42) 320 NORTH AVENUE SUITES - 02019-5268

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for parking under the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 320 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) 328 JEFFERSON CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-5279

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 328 South Jefferson Street.

(42) 400-410 MICHIGAN REAL ESTATE, LLC - 02019-5284

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 410 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) 601 SULLIVAN, LLC - 02019-5287

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) cornices projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1 South State Street.

(42) 7- ELEVEN - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5442

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 600
North Mcclurg Court.

48

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) 730 FRANKLIN BUILDING OWNER, LLC - 02019-5289

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) exterior mount projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 730 North Franklin Street.

(42) 7GREENS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5439

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 218
West Washington Street.

(42) 303 ERIE, LLC - 02019-4980

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) loading dock on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 303 West Erie Street.

(42) BARRIOIBODEGA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5430

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 65
West Kinzie Street.

(42) BARTON - THE RESTAURANT - 02019-4637

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 415 North Dearborn Street.

(42) BEVERAGE DEPOT - 02019-4985

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 213 West Grand Avenue.

(42) BLACKWOOD BBQ - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5434

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 211
West Adams Street.

(42) BLOOMINGDALES, INC. - 02019-4989

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 600
North Wabash Avenue.

(42) BOMBAY WRAPS - 02019-4991

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 330
East Ohio Street.

(42) BSREP II WEST JACKSON, LLC - 02019-4997

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) clock projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 175 West Jackson Boulevard.

(42) BUB CITY - 02019-4643

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 435-437 North Clark Street.

(42) CHICAGO MERCANTILE EXCHANGE, INC. - 02019-5006

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 20
South Wacker Drive.

49

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) CHICAGO TITLE LAND TRUST COMPANY - 02019-5009

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 430 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) CHIPOTLE - 02019-4647

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 311 South Wacker Drive.

(42) CHIPOTLE - 02019-5011

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 311
South Wacker Drive.

(42) CLARGRAN, LLC - 02019-5014

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 60
West Illinois Street.

(42) CLINTON LAKE, LLC - 02019-5017

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) banner(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 211 North Clinton Street.

(42) CONVENE AT 16 WEST ADAMS - 02019-5023

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 131
South Dearborn Street.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02019-4652

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 360 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) CORNER BAKERY CAFE - 02019-4676

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 56 West Randolph Street.

(42) COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - 02019-5026

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) flagpoles projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 30 East Hubbard Street.

(42) CRYOEFFECT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5428

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 165
West Superior Street.

(42) DAMEN 4 MANAGEMENT OF ILLINOIS, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5440
To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 338
East Ohio Street.

(42) DENNIS BARTOLOMEI - 02019-4679

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 15 East Pearson Street.

50

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) DOWNTOWN DOGS - 02019-4680

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 804 North Rush Street.

(42) DYNAPROP XX111: 11 WEST ILLINOIS, LLC - 02019-5030

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 11 West Illinois Street.

(42) EAST BANK STORAGE - OHIO KINGSBURY - 02019-4682

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 429 West Ohio Street.

(42) EAST BELLEVUE, LLC - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5444

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 21
East Bellevue Place.

(42) EMBASSY SUITES - 02019-4685

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6-20 West Ohio Street.

(42) ESCAPEHOUSE CHICAGO - 02019-4688

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 54 East Ontario Street.

(42) ESCAPEHOUSE CHICAGO - 02019-5034

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 54 East Ontario Street.

(42) EXPRESS - 02019-5037

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 17 North State Street.

(42) FRIEDMAN PROPERTIES, LTD. - 02019-5038

To maintain and use, a portion of the public right-of-way for an existing occupation of space adjacent to
its premises known as 315 North LaSalle Street for the purposes of parking and accessory uses to the
truck dock.

(42) G.O.A.T. CLIMB AND CRYO - 02019-5042

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 300
West Ontario Street.

(42) GARLAND OFFICE CONDOMINIUM, LLC - 02019-5040

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) vaults under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 111 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) GIBSONS, LLC - 02019-5041

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) balconies projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1027 North State Street.

51

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) GOLUB REALTY SERVICES, LLC - 02019-5043

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 25
West Randolph Street.

(42) HARD ROCK HOTEL - 02019-5044

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 230 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) HAVANA GRILL - 02019-5045

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 412 North Clark Street.

(42) HAVANA GRILL - 02019-5046

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 412 North Clark Street.

(42) HOTEL ALLEGRO - 02019-5047

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) earth retention systems under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 171 West Randolph Street.

(42) HOTEL ALLEGRO - 02019-5048

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) flag poles projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 171 West Randolph Street.

(42) HOTEL ALLEGRO - 02019-5049

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 171 West Randolph Street.

(42) HOTEL ALLEGRO - 02019-5050

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) tree grates on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 171 West Randolph Street.

(42) HOTEL ALLEGRO - 02019-5051

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 171 West Randolph Street.

(42) HOTEL CHICAGO - 02019-5052

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 333
North Dearborn Street.

(42) FROG BAR - 02019-5053

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) balconies projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1024 North Rush Street.

(42) IA LODGING CHICAGO WABASH, LLC - 02019-5057

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eighteen (18) bay windows projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 225 North Wabash Avenue.

52

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) IA LODGING CHICAGO WABASH, LLC - 02019-5059

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) facades projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 225 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) IA LODGING CHICAGO WABASH, LLC - 02019-5061

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty three (23) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 225 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) IA LODGING CHICAGO WABASH, LLC - 02019-5065

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 225 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) IA LODGING CHICAGO WABASH, LLC - 02019-5067

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vaults under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 225 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) IL PORCELLINOISTUDIO PARISIRAMENSAN - 02019-4699

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 59 West Hubbard Street.

(42) INTERCONTINENTAL HOTEL CHICAGO - 02019-5068

To maintain and use, as now constructed four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 505 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-5069

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 230
West Washington Street.

(42) ION MEDIA NETWORKS, INC. - 02019-5071

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 333 South Desplaines Street.

(42) JAKE TAP CORNER - 02019-4702

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 41 East Superior Street.

(42) JEFFJACK INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-5073

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty (20) caissons under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 601 West Jackson Boulevard.

(42) MILK BAR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5431

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 23
West Hubbard Street.

(42) JP MORGAN CHASE - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5382

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) sheeting under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 40 South Clark Street.

53

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) KINZIE ST. CHOP HOUSE - 02019-4704

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 400 North Wells Street.

(42) FOR YOUR ALL-NATURAL LIFE - 02019-5076

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 356
West Ohio Street.

(42) LA QUINTA INN SUITES - 02019-4706

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1 South Franklin Street.

(42) ONLY STORES, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5437

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 600
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) LUXBAR - 02019-4709

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 18-20 East Bellevue Place.

(42) MACERICH MANAGEMENT COMPANY - 02019-5078

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) ducts projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 520 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) MARC REALTY - 02019-5080

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 180 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) MRI OF RIVER NORTH - 02019-4713

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 559 West Kinzie Street.

(42) NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS - 02019-5085

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 437 North Rush Street.

(42) NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS - 02019-5089

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fifteen (15) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 437 North Rush Street.

(42) NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS - 02019-5094

To maintain and use, as now constructed twelve (12) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 437 North Rush Street.

(42) NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS - 02019-5096

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 437 North Rush Street.

54

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS - 02019-5099

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 437
North Rush Street.

(42) RACK - 02019-5109

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 24 North State Street.

(42) RACK - 02019-5110

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 24
North State Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02019-5113

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) conduit under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02019-5115

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) irrigation systems under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02019-5119

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tree grate on the the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 259 East Erie Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02019-5122

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) manholes under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 303 East Superior Street.

(42) ONE PARKING MONROE, INC. - 02019-5123

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 525
West Monroe Street.

(42) CO 168 NM PROPCO, LLC - 02019-5125

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 168
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) PARK PLACE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4717

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 600 North Kingsbury Street.

(42) PARK PLACE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-5126

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty three (33) balconies projecting over the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 600 North Kingsbury Street.

(42) PAULINE BOOKS MEDIA - 02019-5127

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 172
North Michigan Avenue.

55

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) PINK TACO - 02019-5128

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) door swings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 431 North Wells Street.

(42) PINSTRIPES - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5438

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 435
East Illinois Street.

(42) PONTE GADER CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-5129

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 730 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) POPEYES CHICKEN - 02019-5130

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 156
North Wabash Avenue.

(42) PUPS PET CLUB - 02019-5132

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 468
North New Street.

(42) PURE BARRE CHICAGO STREETERVILLE - 02019-5133

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 319
East Ontario Street.

(42) QDOBA MEXICAN EATS #2621 - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5443

To maintain and use eight (8) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 100
North La Salle Street.

(42) QUAKER TOWER - 02019-5135

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) building projection on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 555 West Monroe Street.

(42) RBI SDI, LLC - 02019-5137

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 210 West Illinois Street.

(42) REBEL 215, LLC - 02019-5141

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 215 West Ontario Street.

(42) REBEL 215, LLC - 02019-5142

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) loading dock on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 215 West Ontario Street.

(42) RIVER NORTH LIMITED PARTNERSHIP #2 - 02019-5178

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fire escapes projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 222 West Hubbard Street.

56

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) RL - 02019-4718

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 115 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) LIQUORS, INC. - 02019-4720

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 412 North State Street.

(42) SAKS FIFTH AVENUE - 02019-5181

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) planter curb(s) on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 700 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) SAKS FIFTH AVENUE - 02019-5184

To maintain and use nine (9) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 700
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) BAR 8. GRILL - 02019-4724

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 448 North State Street.

(42) SPUSB 150 NMA, LP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5433

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 150
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) STANDARD PARKING - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5435

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 400
East South Water Street.

(42) STARBUCKS COFFEE #216 - 02019-4726

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 401 East Ontario Street.

(42) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2224 - 02019-4729

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 430 North Clark Street.

(42) STARBUCKS COFFEE #223 - 02019-4728

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 600 North State Street.

(42) STAYPINEAPPLE CHICAGO - 02019-4732

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1 West Washington Street.

(42) TACO BELL #35850 - 02019-5202

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 22 East Chicago Avenue.

57

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) TACO BELL #35850 - 02019-5205

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 22 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) TACO BELL #35850 - 02019-5208

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 22
East Chicago Avenue.

(42) THE ART INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO - 02019-4982

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) vaults under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 7 West Madison Avenue.

(42) THE GAGE - 02019-5039

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 24 South Michigan Avenue.

(42) THE MARKET BY FOXTROT - 02019-5081

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 401
North Wells Street.

(42) THE ORIGINAL EAST OF CHICAGO - 02019-4715

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 500 North LaSalle Drive.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-5151

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fifteen (15) caissons under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-5157

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirteen (13) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-5166

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-5170

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-5173

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

58

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) THE RICHARD H. DRIEHAUS MUSEUM - 02019-5176

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bollard projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 1329 West Chicago Avenue.

(42) THE SMITH - 02019-4721

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 400-406 North Clark Street.

(42) THE SMITH - 02019-5191

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 400-
406 North Clark Street.

(42) THE SMITH - 02019-5195

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 400-
406 North Clark Street.

(42) THOR PALMER HOUSE HOTEL SHOPS, LLC - 02019-5213

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) facades projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 17 East Monroe Street.

(42) DENTAL GROUP - 02019-5215

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 331
East Ontario Street.

(42) TORCHIO - 02019-4734

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 738 North Wells Street.

(42) TORCHIO - 02019-5217

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) tree grates on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 738 North Wells Street.

(42) TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA JOINT VENTURE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-5224
To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2 North Riverside Plaza.

(42) TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA JOINT VENTURE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-5227
To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2 North Riverside Plaza.

(42) UNIVERSITY CLUB OF CHICAGO - 02019-5231

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 76 East Monroe Street.

(42) UNIVERSITY CLUB PROFESSIONAL BUILDING, LLC - 02019-4736

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 30 South Michigan Avenue.

59

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) VPC 740 RUSH, LLC - 02019-5233

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) vault under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 60 East Superior Street.

(42) WABASH CONDO, LLC - 02019-5236

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 403 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) WALGREENS #02340 - 02019-5238

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 342
East Illinois Street.

(42) WALGREENS #07630 - 02019-5241

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 933
North State Street.

(42) WALGREENS #09001 - 02019-5243

To maintain and use six (6) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 191
North Clark Street.

(42) WALGREENS #10558 - 02019-5246

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 250
South Wacker Drive.

(42) WENDELLA SIGHTSEEING 00., INC. - 02019-5250

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) fence(s) on the public right?of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 400 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) WENDELLA SIGHTSEEING 00., INC. - 02019-5257

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for mechanicals under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 400 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) WENDELLA SIGHTSEEING 00., INC. - 02019-5259

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for storage containers under the
public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 400 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) WOW BAO - 02019-5262

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1 West Wacker Drive.

(42) XANDO COFFEE BARICOSI SANDWICH BAR - 02019-5264

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 230 West Washington Street.

(43) 515J REALTY CO, LTD. - 02019-5206

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2767 North Lincoln Avenue.

60

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) ALLBIRDS, INC. - 02019-4903

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 843
West Armitage Avenue.

(43) ATHENIAN ROOM RESTAURANT - 02019-5095

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 807 West Webster Avenue.

(43) BARE TATTOO HAIR REMOVAL - 02019-4914

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2719
North Halsted Street.

(43) CAFE VIENNA - 02019-5102

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2523 North Clark Street.

(43) CLARK-DIVERSEY CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02019-4923

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2735
North Clark Street.

(43) DAVID YOUNG-JEFF PETERS - 02019-5036

To maintain, and use, as now constructed, one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1847 North Orleans Street.

(43) EQUINOX - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5450

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2355
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) FIRST MERIT BANK - 02019-4927

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1970
North Halsted Street.

(43) 99 BARBERSHOP - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5448

To maintain and use seven (7) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as
2572 North Clark Street.

(43) DELI BRUNCHERY - 02019-5108

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2552 North Clark Street.

(43) - 02019-4933

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2012
North Halsted Street.

(43) - 02019-5112

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2012 North Halsted Street.

61

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) GREAT CLIPS - 02019-4937

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2506
North Clark Street.

(43) INSOMNIA COOKIES - 02019-4940

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2260
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) JAMES MCDONALD - 02019-4986

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 fire shutter projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 19 East Scott Street.

(43) KOHLER WATERS SPA - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5446

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2358
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LA ROCCIA - 02019-4951

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1909
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) VIDNI - 02019-5033

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1007
West Armitage Avenue.

(43) LAVENDER PARK - 02019-4956

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2537 North Sheffield Avenue.

(43) LINCOLN MART - 02019-5116

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2256 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LINCOLN FULLERTON REIT PROPERTY LLC. - 02019-4964

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2350
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LION HEAD PUBI THE APARTMENT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5447

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2251
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LION HEAD APARTMENT - 02019-4974

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) flag poles projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2251 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LION HEAD APARTMENT - 02019-4977

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 2251 North Lincoln Avenue.

62

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) LION HEAD APARTMENT - 02019-4981

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Ornaments (Lion Heads) projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2251 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) CUPCAKES, LLC - 02019-4993

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2536 North Clark Street.

(43) PAPA PIZZA - 02019-5121

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2640 North Clark Street.

(43) PARKVIEW APARTMENTS - 02019-5124

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1936 North Clark Street.

(43) PIZZARIA - 02019-5000

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2679 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) PIZZARIA - 02019-5139

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2679 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) RICHARD BAEHR AND LIJANA BAEHR - 02019-4909

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1813 North Lincoln Park.

(43) RICHARD BAEHR AND LIJANA BAEHR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5308

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1813 North Lincoln Park.

(43) RESTAURANT - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5451

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 525
West Arlington Place.

(43) SAPORI - 02019-5007

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2701 North Halsted Street.

(43) STARBUCKS COFFEE #217 - 02019-5153

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2200 North Halsted Street.

(43) STATE FARM - 02019-5168

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2722 North Lincoln Avenue.

63

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) STEPPENWOLF THEATRE COMPANY - 02019-5013

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) earth retention system under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1646 North Halsted Street.

(43) STUDIO FUSE - 02019-5020

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2215-
2217 North Halsted Street.

(43) TACO JOINT - 02019-5024

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1969
North Halsted Street.

(43) TARASCAS INTERNATIONAL - 02019-5187

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2585 North Clark Street.

(43) THE KENNISON - 02019-4944

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 1800 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) THE KENT APARTMENTS - 02019-4948

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2625
North Clark Street.

(43) TRIPOLI TAVERN - 02019-5029

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1147 West Armitage Avenue.

(43) TWISTED LIZARD - 02019-5192

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1964 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) ANTHONY KLOK - 02019-4554

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3420-3428 North Broadway.

(44) APPLE BITE PANTRY - 02019-4514

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2919 North Broadway.

(44) ASHLAND TIRE AUTO CLINIC - 02109-5145

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3737
North Ashland Avenue.

(44) AUTHORIZED RETAILER #1410 - 02019-5149

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3168
North Broadway.

64

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) BARRY REGENT CLEANERS - 02019-4519

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3000 North Broadway.

(44) BEETLEHEAD BAR 8. EATERY - 02019-5152

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3519
North Clark Street.

(44) BEST WESTERN-HAWTHORNE TERRACE - 02019-4521

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3434 North Broadway.

(44) BITES - 02019-5155

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3313 North Clark Street.

(44) TAP - 02019-5158

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3553 North Southport Avenue.

(44) CANDYALITY - 02019-5161

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3737 North Southport Avenue.

(44) CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL - 02019-5163

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty four (34) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 3181 North Broadway.

(44) CLARK STREET SPORTS - 02019-4524

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3465 North Clark Street.

(44) CLARK-BRIAR LLC - 02019-5169

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3365-3369 North Clark Street.

(44) PIZZA - 02019-4527

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3463 North Clark Street.

(44) DO-RITE DONUTS - 02019-5171

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1027 West Addison Street.

(44) 0N HALSTED - 02019-4529

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3201 North Halsted Street.

65

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) DSW SHOES - 02019-5177

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3131
North Halsted Street.

(44) DSW SHOES WAREHOUSE, INC. - 02019-5174

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3131
North Clark Street.

(44) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-4532

To maintain and use. as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3179 North Clark Street.

(44) FIFTH THIRD BANK - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5453

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 640
West Diversey Parkway.

(44) FIGO WINE BAR - 02019-5182

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3207 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) FIRST MIDWEST BANK - 02019-5185

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3747
North Clark Street.

(44) GENERAL NUTRITION CENTER #3903 - 02019-4536

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3206 North Broadway.

(44) GOLFTEC HALSTED ROW - 02019-4541

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2847 North Halsted Street.

(44) GREAT CLIPS - 02019-4545

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3167 North Broadway.

(44) REAL ICE CREAM - 02019-4550

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2951 North Broadway.

(44) JOYS - 02019-4552

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3257-3259 North Broadway.

(44) POST - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5452

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1119
West Waveland Avenue.

66

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) SHOE REPAIR - 02019-4556

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 711 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) MCKILLIP ANIMAL HOSPITALS - 02019-4560

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2867 North Clark Street.

(44) OUT OF THE CLOSET - 02019-5189

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3311
North Halsted Street.

(44) P.S. BANGKOK RESTAURANT, INC. - 02019-4567

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3345 North Clark Street.

(44) P.S. BANGKOK RESTAURANT, INC. - 02019-5194

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3345
North Clark Street.

(44) SECRETS - 02019-5198

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3229
North Clark Street.

(44) SHAKERS ON CLARK - 02019-4571

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3160 North Clark Street.

(44) BARBERSHOP, INC. - 02019-4577

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3314 North Halsted Street.

(44) SOUTHPORT PROPERTIES, LLC - 02019-5200

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3356 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) STARBUCKS #231 - 02019-5204

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3400 North Southport Avenue.

(44) STONE CREEK COFFEE - 02019-5210

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 939
West Belmont Avenue.

(44) TACO BELL - 02019-5211

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 920
West Belmont Avenue.

67

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) TANUKI - 02019-4579

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3005 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) THE DUKE 0F PERTH - 02019-5179

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2913 North Clark Street.

(44) UNCLE SHOE REPAIR - 02019-4581

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3521 North Southport Avenue.

(44) WARBY PARKER - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5454

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3432
North Southport Avenue.

(44) CAFE - 02019-4583

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3257 North Halsted Street.

(44) CAFE - 02019-5214

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3257 North Halsted Street.

(45) CABINET STYLE STUDIO LTD. - 02019-5082

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5945 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) ALLSTATE INS. - 02019-5242

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4327
West Irving Park Road.

(45) - 02019-5244

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4817
West Irving Park Road.

(45) CITY NEWS - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5456

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4018
North Cicero Avenue.

(45) CITY SMILES - 02019-5083

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3800 North Pulaski Road.

(45) DOROTHY FLINT - 02019-5249

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bollard(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 6324 West Gunnison Street.

68

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(45) DOROTHY FLINT - 02019-5251

To maintain and use, as now constructed one (1) occupation of space for yard use on the public right-of-
?way adjacent to its premises known as 6324 West Gunnison Street.

(45) EL LLANO RESTAURANT - 02019-5086

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4011 North Elston Avenue.

(45) FOREST GLEN ANIMAL HOSPITAL - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5455

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5330
North Elston Avenue.

(45) FOUNDATION BAR AND GRILL - 02019-5253

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5007 West Irving Park Road.

(45) FRIENDLY TAVERN - 02019-5088

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6124 West Gunnison Street.

(45) HOPS AND BARLEY - 02019-5256

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 4359 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) GLADSTONE PARK EASY WASH - 02019-5260

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5366
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) LA PENA RESTAURANTE - 02019-5091

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4212-4214 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) LITTLE ITALIAN ICE - 02019-5265

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) park bench on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5035 West Montrose Avenue.

(45) MILWAUKEE FOSTER, LLC - 02019-5267

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5210-
5230 North Milwaukee.

(45) SMOQUE BBQ - 02019-5092

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3800 North Pulaski Road.

(45) SPRINT STORE BY MSM - 02019-5270

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4800
West Irving Park Road.

69

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(45) SWEET WORLD PASTRY, INC. - 02019-5271

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5450
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) UNIQUE TRAVEL - 02019-5276

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5479
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) VCG LTD. - 02019-5278

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5050
West Irving Park Road.

(45) WALGREENS #04936 - 02019-5281

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4040
North Cicero Avenue.

(46) 3565 PINE GROVE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-5114

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) planter railing(s) on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3565 North Pine Grove Avenue.

(46) 3817-3845 BROADWAY, INC. - 02019-5118

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) cooling system projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3833 North Broadway.

(46) 7-ELEVEN - 02019-5107

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1138 West Wilson Avenue.

(46) 7-ELEVEN - 02019-5111

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1138
West Wilson Avenue.

(46) AARDVARK INSURANCE AGENCY - 02019-5098

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1228 West Wilson Avenue.

(46) BAKERY - 02019-5100

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3919 North Sheridan Road.

(46) BROADWAY IRVING CHECKCHANGER, INC. - 02019-5070

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4001
North Broadway.

(46) CARLTON AT THE LAKE, INC. - 02019-5103

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 725 West Montrose Avenue.

70

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(46) DOLLAR TREE #07387 - 02019-5072

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4443
North Sheridan Road.

(46) FAT CAT - 02019-5074

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4840
North Broadway.

(46) FIRST MIDWEST BANK - 02019-5084

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4753
North Broadway.

(46) HOLIDAY CLUB - 02019-5087

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4000-4004 North Sheridan Road.

(46) LAS MANANITAS -02019-5105

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3523 North Halsted Street.

(46) NATIONAL CAR WASH - 02019-5090

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4900
North Broadway.

(46) PB MALTZ, LLC - 02019-5106

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4075-4087 North Broadway.

(46) SEAFOOD RESTAURANT - 02019-5093

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4829
North Broadway.

(46) SUBWAY - 02019-5097

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4556
North Magnolia Avenue.

(46) TAC QUICK - 02019-5101

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1011
West lrving Park Road.

(46) TAC QUICK - 02019-5117

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1011 West Irving Park Road.

(46) TAC QUICK - 02019-5120

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1011 West Irving Park Road.

71

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(46) THE BAR 0N BUENA - 02019-5056

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 910 West Buena Avenue.

(46) THE BAR 0N BUENA - 02019-5063

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 910 West Buena Avenue.

(46) UPTOWN GYM FITNESS, INC. - 02019-5104

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 909
West Montrose Avenue.

(47) A-1 JEWELRY COIN, LTD. - 02019-5144

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1827
West Irving Park Road.

(47) BLUE BIRD DAY - 02019-5131

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1921 West Irving Park Road.

(47) FOOD STORE - 02019-5134

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4852 North Damen Avenue.

(47) CRAWFORD SUPPLY GROUP, INC. - 02019-5136

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3914 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) DEVRY UNIVERSITY - 02019-5147

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1900
West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) BAKERY, INC. - 02019-5138

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3329 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) DOMESTIC LINEN SUPPLY CO, INC. - 02019-5154

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
4131 North Ravenswood Avenue.

(47) ESSENCE OF INDIA - 02019-5140

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4601 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) EYE SEE RAVENSWOOD, P.C. - 02019-5143

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4735 North Damen Avenue.

72

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(47) EYE SEE RAVENSWOOD, P.C. - 02019-5159

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 4735 North Damen Avenue.

(47) FIDELITY NATIONAL TITLE - 02019-5146

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3338 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) FIRST MIDWEST BANK - 02019-5148

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4605 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) HANSA CLIPPER - 02019-5162

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4659
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) HAYES PROPERTIES - 02019-5165

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 4011 North Ravenswood Avenue.

(47) KIDZ CREATIVE CORNER - 02019-5172

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4259
North Western Avenue.

(47) KITE STRING CANTINA - 02019-5175

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1851 West Addison Street.

(47) LYCEE FRANCAIS DE CHICAGO, INC. - 02019-5190

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space to be used for a soccer field on
the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1929 West Wilson Avenue.

(47) FINANCIAL CONSULTING, INC. - 02019-5150

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3947 North Ashland Avenue.

(47) NC4000 CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-5196

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) balconies projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4027 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) NORTHCENTER CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-5199

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4054 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) NORTHCENTER RUG CLEANING - 02019-5156

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3726 North Lincoln Avenue.

73

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(47) OAKTREE ACADEMY - 02019-5203

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2118?2120 West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) RAVENSWOOD FITNESS CENTER - 02019-5160

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1958 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) BIERSTUBE, INC. - 02019-5212

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2034
West Irving Park Road.

(47) RFC PERSONAL TRAINING SPINNING STUDIO - 02019-5164

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1964 West Montrose Avenue.

RIVER WEST MEETING ASSOCIATES - 02019-5219

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3616
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) SAJJAD, INC. - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5457

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3801
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) SIXTEEN CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-5221

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) balconies projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3443 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) T-MOBILE LIMITED - 02019-5226

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1973
West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) THAI ROOM RESTAURANT, INC. - 02019-5167

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4022 North Western Avenue.

(47) THAI ROOM RESTAURANT, INC. - 02019-5223

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4022 North Western Avenue.

(47) THE PONY INN - 02019-5209

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1638
West Belmont Avenue.

(47) WALGREENS #00194 - 02019-5230

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4801
North Lincoln Avenue.

74

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(47) WALGREENS #2586 - 02019-5234

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2301
West Irving Park Road.

(47) WISHBONE RESTAURANT - 02019-5237

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty (30) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3300 North Lincoln Avenue.

(48) BRYN MAWR BELLE SHORE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-5225

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1062
West Mawr Avenue.

(48) BYRN MAWR BELLE SHORE LMTD PARTNERSHIP - 02019-5180

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1062 West Mawr Avenue.

(48) EL DIAMANTE AZUL RESTAURANT - 02019-5183

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5663-5665 North Clark Street.

(48) EL DIAMANTE AZUL RESTAURANT - 02019-5228

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5663-5665 North Clark Street.

(48) ELLIPSIS COFFEEHOUSE, LLC - 02019-5186

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1259 West Devon Avenue.

(48) FIRST MIDWEST BANK - 02019-5188

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1060 West Mawr.

(48) FIXER SERVICES, PBC - 02019-5229

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) door swings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5838 North Broadway.

(48) INDIE CAFE - 02019-5232

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5951-5953 North Broadway.

(48) KOPI, A CAFE - 02019-5193

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5317 North Clark Street.

(48) LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-5235

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 6211 North Winthrop Avenue.

75

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(48) NORTH SHORE AUTO SERVICE, INC. - 02019-5239

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6240
North Broadway.

(48) SACRED HEART SCHOOLS - 02019-5197

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6250 North Sheridan Road.

(49) LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-5240

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) conduits under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 6525 North Sheridan Road.

(49) PALETERIAS MONARCA CORP. - 02019-5201

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 6955 North Clark Street.

(49) PALETERIAS MONARCA CORP. - 02019-5245

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6955
North Clark Street.

(49) T-MOBILE - 02019-5247

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6466
North Sheridan Road.

(50) ALDI, INC. #62 - 02019-5248

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6220
North California Avenue.

(50) AMEERA FOOD - 02019-5252

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6415
North Western Avenue.

(50) ATHLETICO - (SUBSTITUTE) - 502019-4525

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2900
West Peterson Avenue.

(50) BASIL FOOD AND LIQUOR - (DIRECT INTRODUCTION) - 02019-5458

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 7446
North Western Avenue.

(50) CHICAGO LIVE POULTRY - 02019-5254

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6421
North Western Avenue.

(50) DOG SPLASH - 02019-5207

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7448 North Western Avenue.

76

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(50) EL CID TACOS #2 - 02019-5255

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2645 North Kedzie Avenue.

(50) MYSORE WOODLANDS - 02019-5258

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2548-
2550 West Devon Avenue.

(50) SABRI NIHARI - 02019-5216

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2500 West Devon Avenue.

(50) SABRI NIHARI - 02019-5218

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2500 West Devon Avenue.

(50) SABRI NIHARI - 02019-5261

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2500
West Devon Avenue.

(50) TCF BANK - 02019-5263

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2920
West Peterson Avenue.

(50) WORLD FRESH MARKET - 02019-5220

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2434 West Devon Avenue.

77

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(1) 1258 MILWAUKEE CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-4249

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 1258 North Milwaukee Avenue.
(1) CANDIES - 02019-4244

To maintain and use (1) canOpies located at 1960 North Western Avenue.
(1) PB MALTZ, LLC - 02019-4246

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1327-1333 North Milwaukee Avenue.
(2) 1721 ELSTON ADVENTURES, LLC - 02019-4264

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1731 North Elston Avenue.

(2) BERGER FINANCIAL REALTY MORTGAGE CO. - 02019-4253
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 58 West Maple Street.

(2) DUNKIN DONUTS - 02019-4255

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2111 West Division Street.

(2) GOLD COAST GALLERIA CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-4256
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 111 West Maple Street.

(2) HOLLYWOOD GRILL - 02019-4257

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1601 West North Avenue.

(2) LPC CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-4258

To maintain and use (8) canopies located at 1565 North Clybourn Avenue.
(2) ONE SUPERIOR PLACE - 02019-4260

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1 West Superior Street.

(2) POTTERY BARN KIDS - 02019-4261

To maintain and use (13) canopies located at 2121 North Clybourn Avenue.
(2) SELF STORAGE 1 - 02019-4262

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2001 North Elston Avenue.

(2) HOUSE - 02019-4263

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 1501 North Dayton Street.

(3) 2111 WABASH OWNER, LLC - 02019-4265

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2111 South Wabash Avenue.
(4) LLC - 02019-4266

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1147 South Wabash Avenue.
(4) WALGREENS #07179 - 02019-4267

To maintain and use (9) canopies located at 2 East Roosevelt Road.

(5) JEFFERY PUB - 02019-4268

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 7041 South Jefferey Boulevard.
(5) UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-4269

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 5700 South Maryland Avenue.
(10) MARZEYA BAKERY - 02019-4271

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 8908 South Commercial Avenue.

78

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(12) SAINT ANTHONY HOSPITAL - 02019-4278

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 2875 West 19th Street.

(12) TIERRA CALIENTE, INC. - 02019-4279

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4070 South Archer Avenue.
(13) MIDWAY FELLOWSHIP CLUB - 02019-4280

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5632 West 63rd Street.

(15) WALTER LOUISE FABISIEWICZ - 02019-4281

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4341 South Archer Avenue.
(19) FAMILY DOLLAR #2431 - 02019-4282

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 11041 South Kedzie Avenue.
(22) LAGO COOK SUPPLY - 02019-4283

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2617 South Pulaski Road.
(25) DIXON ENTERPRISE - 02019-4285

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 411 South Wells Street.

(25) PUI TAK CENTER - 02019-4286

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2216 South Wentworth Avenue.
(25) UNISEX - 02019-4287

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1723 West 18th Street.

(27) MJ FLAMING - 02019-4288

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 903 North Halsted Street.

(27) TANDEM PARTNERS, LLC - 02019-4290

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1040 West Huron Street.

(27) WARREN ASH LAND, LP - 02019-5028

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1533 West Warren Boulevard.
(31) JEFFERY MOY - 02019-4291

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3135 North Cicero Avenue.
(31) KREDABLE AUTO SERVICE - 02019-4293

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4932 West Fullerton Avenue.
(31) NECESSARY SUFFICIENT COFFEE - 02019-4295

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 3624 West Wrightwood Avenue.
(32) PROPERTIES - 02019-4301

To maintain and use (5) canopies located at 3032 North Racine Avenue.
(33) LINCOLN ANTIQUE MALL - 02019-4306

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3115 West Irving Park Road.
(37) FAMILY DOLLAR #2458 - 02019-4314

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5410 West Chicago Avenue.
(39) LABORS INTERNATIONAL UNION OF NORTH AMERICAN LOCAL 6 - 02019-4325
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4670 North Elston Avenue.

79

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(39) WALGREENS #09709 - 02019-4329

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 4010 West Lawrence Avenue.
(40) HAMBURGER CHICAGO - 02019-4336

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 5400 North Clark Street.

(42) 757 ORLEANS AT CHICAGO CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-4633
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 757 North Orleans Street.
(42) BRE 312 OWNER, LLC - 02019-4413

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 233 South Wacker Drive.

(42) BRI 1864 230 MONROE, LLC - 02019-4425

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 230 West Monroe Street.

(42) BSREP ll WEST JACKSON, LLC - 02019-4432

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 175 West Jackson Boulevard.
(42) DESIGN STUDIO - 02019-4437

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 225 West Hubbard Street.
(42) - 02019-4431

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 60 West Randolph Street.
(42) IA LODGING CHICAGO WABASH, LLC - 02019-4486

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 225 North Wabash Avenue.
(42) INN OF CHICAGO MAGNIFICENT MILE - 02019-4497

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 162 East Ohio Street.

(42) HOT DOGS - 02019-4502

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 100 West Ontario Street.

(42) QUAKER TOWER - 02019-4506

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 555 West Monroe Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDO ASSOCIATION -
02019-4549

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 118 East Erie Street.

(42) TRANSWESTERN - 02019-4555

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 100 North LaSalle Street.
(42) W-R2 LAKE OWNER V111, LLC - 02019-4605

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 641 West Lake Street.

(42) WABASH CONDOMINIUM, LLC - 02019-4588

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 403 North Wabash Avenue.
(42) WELLS HUBBARD LIMITED INNOVATIONS - 02019-4598
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 440 North Wells Street.

(42) XANDO COFFEE SANDWICH BAR - 02019-4613
To maintain and use (7) canopies located at 230 West Washington Street.

80

ORDERS FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(43) LINCOLN PARK VILLAS - 02019-4648

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1920 North Clark Street.

(43) LION HEAD APARTMENT - 02019-4675

To maintain and use (7) canopies located at 2251 North Lincoln Avenue.
(43) TACO JOINT - 02019-4686

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1969 North Halsted Street.
(44) BEERHEAD BAR EATERY - 02019-4733

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3519 North Clark Street.
(44) DINER - 02019-4748

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3042 North Broadway.

(44) THE DARIEN CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-4739

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3100 North Lake Shore Drive.
(45) LORCH BROS FLOWERS - 02019-4759

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4936 West Irving Park Road.
(45) RPN SALES, INC. - 02019-4766

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4449-4451 North Milwaukee Avenue.
(45) V06 LTD. - 02019-5222

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5050 West Irving Park Road.
(47) WISHBONE RESTAURANT - 02019-4785

To maintain and use (5) canopies located at 3300 North Lincoln Avenue.
(48) ANN CAFE - 02019-4727

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3415 North Broadway.

(50) URU-SWATI - 02019-4801

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2629 West Devon Avenue.

81

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(1) FIFOLET CAJUN - 02019-4294

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1942 West Division Street.

(1) JIMMY BEANS, A LOGAN SQUARE ROASTER - 02019-4297

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2553 West Fullerton Avenue.

(1) MAC AND CHEESE - 02019-4298

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2351 West Augusta Boulevard.

(1) RAMEN 2 - 02019-4299

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1426 Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) LA STRADA CAFE - 02019-4300

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2023 North California Avenue.

(1) SCONE CITY - 02019-4302

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1632 West Division Street.

(1) TAXIM - 02019-4303

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1558 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) THE IRISH NOBLEMAN - 02019-4296

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1365-1367 West Erie Street.

(1) TOUS LES JOURS - 02019-4304

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1726 West Division Street.

(1) WASABI - 02019-4305

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2101 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) BLACK DOG GELATO - 02019-4311

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 859 North Damen Avenue.

(2) BLUE AGAVE - 02019-4313

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1050 North State Street.

82

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(2) DEVOUR 312 - 02019-4331

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1450 West Webster Avenue.

(2) SEOUL TACO - 02019-4335

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 738 North Clark Street.

(2) THE SEDGWICK STOP - 02019-4333

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1612 North Sedgwick Street.

(3) SOUTH LOOP - 02019-4345

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1736 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) KURAH - 02019-4347

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1355 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) THE SCOUT - 02019-4351

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1301 South Wabash Avenue.

(4) BBQ SUPPLY COMPANY - 02019-4356

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1301 East 53rd Street .

(4) GRANT PARK VANILLE - 02019-4359

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 800 South Michigan Avenue.

(8) THE WOODLAWN - 02019-4362

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 7857 South Woodlawn Avenue.

(10) LA MICHOACANA BONITA, INC. - 02019-4383

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 10533 South Ewing Avenue.

(11) 26TH STREET SUGAR SHACK - 02019-4400

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 630 West 26th Street.

(11) BRACKET ROOM - 02019-4388

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1311-1317 South Halsted Street.

83

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(11) PARKSIDE CAFE - 02019-4395

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 308 West 33rd Street .

(11) POTSTICKER HOUSE, INC. - 02019-4397

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3139 South Halsted Street.

(22) DON PEPE - 02019-4404

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3616 West 26th Street .

(25) BUTTERFLY SUSHI BAR AND THAI CUISINE ON MADISON STREET - 02019-4409

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1131 West Madison Street.

(25) EPPLES RESTAURANT - 02019-4411

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 554 West Roosevelt Road.

(25) IDOF TAYLOR, INC. - 02019-4415

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1129 West Taylor Street.

(25) ITALIAN ICE, INC. - 02019-4418

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1165 West 18th Street.

(25) THAI BOWL - 02019-4421

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1049 West Taylor Street.

(26) BLACK BEETLE BAR GRILL - 02019-4428

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2532 West Chicago Avenue.

(26) DAMN FINE COFFEE BAR - 02019-4433

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
lecated at 3317 West Armitage Avenue.

(26) DELI - 02019-4435

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1012 North Western Avenue.

(26) LA BOMBA RESTAURANT - 02019-4438

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3221 West Armitage Avenue.

84

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(26) LA BRUQUENA RESTAURANT LOUNGE - 02019-4441

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2726 West Division Street.

(26) LOLAS CONEY ISLAND, LLC - 02019-4444

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2858 West Chicago Avenue.

(26) SPLIT-RAIL - 02019-4446

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2500 West Chicago Avenue.

(26) THE CHICAGO LOUNGE EATERY - 02019-4431

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2525 West Division Street.

(27) BUTTERFLY SUSHI BAR AND THAI CUISINE - 02019-4492

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1139-1143 West Grand Avenue.

(27) CEMITAS PUEBLA - 02019-4495

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 817 West Fulton Market.

(27) DIRTY ROOT, INC. - 02019-4499

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 939 West Randolph Street .

(27) DOLLOP COFFEE BAR - 02019-4511

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 853 North Larrabee Street.

(27) FARMHOUSE - 02019-4513

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 228 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) FULTON GALLEY - 02019-4516

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1115 West Fulton Market .

(27) GOOD MEASURE -02019-4518

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 226 West Chicago Avenue .

(27) HQ BEERCADE ll - 02019-4520

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 213 West Institute Place .

85

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(27) KINTON RAMEN 1 - 02019-4522

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 163 North Sangamon Street.

(27) LA SIRENA CLANDESTINA - 02019-4534

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 954 West Fulton Market.

(27) MAMA MILANO - 02019-4538

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1419 North Wells Street.

(27) NEXT RESTAURANT - 02019-4585

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 953 West Fulton Market.

(27) NEXT RESTAURANT - 02019-4589

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 955 West Fulton Market.

(27) RAMEN TAKEYAIOMAKASE TAKEYA - 02019-4595

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 819 West Fulton Market.

(27) RICCARDO OSTERIA - 02019-4597

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1023 West Lake Street.

(27) ROISTER - 02019-4601

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 951 West Fulton Market.

(27) THE BANDIT - 02019-4485

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 841 West Randolph Street.

(27) THE DOG HOUSE GRILL - 02019-4509

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1534 North Wells Street.

(30) ALEX LA MICHOACANA #1 - 02019-4614

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5420 West Fullerton Avenue.

(30) LA NONNA - 02019-4615

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3400 North Lawndale Avenue.

86

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(30) STAROPOLSKA RESTAURANT - 02109-4621

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3028-3030 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) AZUCAR BAR GRILL - 02019-4625

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2647 North Kedzie Avenue.

(32) HOT DOG - 02019-4630

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1876 North Damen Avenue.

(32) LA BOULANGERIE - 02019-4632

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3129 West Logan Boulevard .

(32) NICKS PIT STOP - 02019-4638

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2023 North Damen Avenue.

(33) SURGE BILLIARDS - 02019-4651

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3241 West Montrose Avenue.

(35) RUIN - 02019-4661

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2943 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(35) THE LOGAN THEATRE - 02019-4656

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2646-2648 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(38) GEO. NOTTOLI SON, INC. - 02019-4692

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 7652 West Belmont Avenue.

(39) ITALIAN CUISINE PIZZERIA, INC. - 02019-4696

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3431 West Peterson Avenue.

(40) BANG BANG BISCUITS - 02019-4701

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 4947 North Damen Avenue.

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-4711

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 140 South Dearborn Street.

87

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-4714

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1 South Franklin Street.

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-4716

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 16 West Randolph Street.

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-4719

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 819 North Rush Street.

(42) BUONA - 02019-4723

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 613-617 North Mcclurg Court.

(42) CAFE BONHOMME - 02019-4761

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 180 North Wacker Drive.

(42) CAMPUS CENTER CAFE - 02019-4765

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 37-39 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) CELESTE DISCO - 02019-4770

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 111 West Hubbard Street.

(42) GRAZE AT STUDIO THREE - 02019-4772

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 648 North Clark Street.

(42) DRAGON - 02019-4774

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 611-613 North Wells Street.

(42) NAANSENSE - 02019-4776

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 113 South Clinton Street.

(42) - 02019-4778

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 29 West Hubbard Street.

(42) PASTORAL - 02019-4781

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 53 East Lake Street.

88

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(42) POKE POKE - 02019-4788

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 118 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) POPEYES CHICKEN - 02019-4796

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 156 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) SUBWAY - 02019-4800

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 511 North Mcclurg Court.

(42) SUGAR FACTORY - 02019-4803

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 55 East Grand Avenue.

(42) THE BELLEMORE - 02019-4725

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 564 West Randolph Street.

(42) THE PEPPER CANISTER - 02019-4784

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 509 North Wells Street.

(42) U3 DOGS - 02019-4808

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 185 North Franklin Street.

(42) VEGGIE GRILL - 02019-4814

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 629 North Wells Street.

(43) PARK - 02019-4830

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2518 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) DICKENS STREET PUBLIC HOUSE - 02019-4833

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2058-2060 North Cleveland Avenue.

(43) NOOKIES ON WELLS, INC. - 02019-4835

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1746 North Wells Street.

(43) OLD GROUNDS SOCIAL - 02019-4838

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 950-952 West Wrightwood Avenue.

89

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(43) STARBUCKS COFFEE NUMBER 228 - 02019-4842

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1001 West Armitage Avenue.

(44) BOMBASTIC CAFE - 02019-4858

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3732 North Southport Avenue.

(44) FIGO WINE BAR - 02019-4862

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3207 North Sheffield Avenue .

(44) FLUB A DUB CHUBS - 02019-4866

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3021 North Broadway.

(44) PASTORAL - 02019-4872

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2945-2947 North Broadway.

(44) THE GRAYSTONE TAVERN - 02019-4869

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3441 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) THE VEGGIE GRILL - 02019-4877

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 614 West Diversey Parkway.

(44) YEFSEIS - 02019-4881

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3344 North Halsted Street.

(45) CHICKEN WORKS AND SALAD COMPANY - 02019-4885

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3658 West Irving Park Road.

(45) CITY NEWS - 02019-4892

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 4018 North Cicero Avenue.

(45) FOUNDATION BAR AND GRILL - 02019-4894

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5007-5009 West Irving Park Road.

(46) HERITAGE OUTPOST - 02019-4898

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1325 West Wilson Avenue.

90

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(46) PANCAKE CAFE - 02019-4900

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3801-3805 North Broadway.

(47) BLUE SKY BAKERY CAFE - 02019-4916

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3720 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) CRUSHED PIZZERIA - 02019-4920

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1607 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) FLAGSHIP TAVERN GRILL - 02019-4922

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1622 West Belmont Avenue.

(47) MOD PIZZA - 02019-4925

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3643 North Western Avenue.

(47) TAVERN ON THE LITTLEFORT - 02019-4929

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 4128 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) WISHBONE RESTAURANT - 02019-4935

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3300 North Lincoln Avenue.

(48) BIG JONES - 02019-4953

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5347 North Clark Street.

(48) CHICAGO GRIND - 02019-4957

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5256 North Broadway.

(48) ELLIPSIS COFFEEHOUSE, LLC - 02019-4961

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1259 West Devon Avenue.

(48) HELIX CAFE - 02019-4965

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 6237 North Clark Street.

(48) NOOKIES CAFE RESTAURANT - 02019-4969

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1100 West Mawr Avenue.

91

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

WARD

(48) PHO XE LUA - 02019-4976

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1021 West Argyle Street.

(49) RAISING CANE #352 - 02019-4995

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 6568 North Sherdian Road.

(50) ROZANA - 02019-4998

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 6118-6120 North Lincoln Avenue.

92

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(1) NEIGHBORHOOD HOUSE - 02019-4112

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate the West Erie Street from North Elizabeth Avenue to North Armour Avenue (1300
West Erie Street to 1500 West Erie Street) as, "Erie Neighborhood House Way".

(1) BROTHERS AND SISTERS ALL DAY (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4277

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Brothers Sisters
All Day on 04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99644 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting the words "Brothers and Sisters All Day" and inserting in their place the words "All
Together Now".

(2) NEAR LOOP LOFTS, LLC - 02019-3856

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt NEAR LOOP
LOFTS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 2212-2214 North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) NJZ, LLC - 02019-3855

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt NJZ, LLC from the
provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 154 West Superior Avenue.

(4) SBS, LLC - 02019-3903

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt SBS, LLC from the
provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 4639 South Langley Avenue.

(4) MARKET - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4276

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Totto's Market on
03/13/2019, and printed upon page 96921 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting the words "777 Dearborn Street" and inserting in their place the words "751 Dearborn
Street".

(7) LITTLE APPLE SEEDS LEARNING ACADEMY - 02019-3878

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt LITTLE APPLE
SEEDS LEARNING ACADEMY from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2672-2674 East 75th Street - 1st Floor.

(10) CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP FLOCK - 02019-3850

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CHRISTIAN
FELLOWSHIP FLOCK from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 10724 South Ewing Avenue.

(10) CITYWIDE RIMS, SOUND AND SECURITY - 02019-3851

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CITYWIDE RIMS,
SOUND AND SECURITY from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 9601 South Ewing Avenue.

93

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(12) JOSEPH F. FERGUSON - 02019-3854

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate the West side of South Paulina Street between West 32nd Place and West 33rd
Place as, "Honorary Joseph F. Ferguson Way".

(27) 23 JACKSON, LLC - 02019-3881

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 23 JACKSON, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2304-2308 West Jackson Boulevard.

(27) 2324 FULTON, LLC - 02019-3875

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2324 FULTON, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2135 West Carroll Avenue.

(27) 730 RANDOLPH, LLC - 02019-3884

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 730 RANDOLPH,
LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 728-732 West Randolph Street.

(27) ALEJANDRO MORALES - 02019-3874

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt ALEJANDRO
MORALES from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress
to the parking facilities located at 643-645 North Kedzie Avenue.

(27) DOLLAR TREE STORE - 02019-3875

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt DOLLAR TREE
STORE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to
the parking facilities located at 3401 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) GERBER COLLISION AND GLASS - 02019-3877

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt GERBER
COLLISION AND GLASS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1100 West Huron Street.

(27) OLD TOWN LUXURY SUITES, LLC - 02019-3882

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt OLD TOWN
LUXURY SUITES, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 155-159 West North Avenue.

(27) RED TOP PARKING, INC. - 02019-3879

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RED TOP PARKING,
INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 1643-1647 West Warren Boulevard.

94

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(27) RED TOP PARKING, INC. - 02019-3886

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RED TOP PARKING,
INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 1612-1624 West Madison Street, 1626-1632 West Madison Street, and 1640-
1654 West Madison.

(27) STERLING BAYS - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4229

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Sterling Bays on
09/14/2016, and printed upon page 31606 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting the words "Sterling Bays" and inserting in their place the words "Intercultural Montessori
Language School".

(27) UNIVERSAL ELECTRIC FOUNDRY, INC. - 02019-3880

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt UNIVERSAL
ELECTRIC FOUNDRY, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1523 West Hubbard Street.

(28) ASPEN REALTY, LLC - 02019-3885

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt ASPEN REALTY,
LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2315 West Taylor Street.

(28) CONWAY BUS COMPANY, INC. - 02019-4115

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CONWAY BUS
COMPANY, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 4610 West Washington Boulevard.

(29) L. MAY CREATIONS - 02019-4117

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt L. MAY CREATIONS
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 5936 West Chicago Avenue.

(32) 2048 WOOD, LLC - 02019-3887

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2048 WOOD, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2034-2048 North Wood and 2034 North Avondale.

(32) CANINE PERSPECTIVE, INC. - 02019-3888

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CANINE
PERSPECTIVE, INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2700 North Campbell Avenue.

(34) MICHELLE L. VAN ALLEN - 02019-3846

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate the South Morgan Street, between W. 103rd Street West 104th Street (10300-
10399 South Morgan Street) as, "Principal Michelle L. Van Allen Way".

95

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(36) RAA REAL ESTATE, INCIASHRAF IHMUD AND ABDUL ODEH - 02019-3883

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RAA REAL ESTATE,
INCIASHRAF IHMUD AND ABDUL ODEH from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2341 North Narragansett Avenue.
(39) HYBRID AUTO AND BODY WERKS - 02019-3890

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt HYBRID AUTO AND
BODY WERKS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 4733-4735 North Pulaski.

(39) SHOWTIME AUDIO, INC. - 02019-3889

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt SHOWTIME AUDIO,
INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 4428 North Elston Avenue.

(42) HON. MILTON I. SHADUR - 302019-3863

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate West Adams Street from South Dearborn Street to South Clark Street as, "The
Hon. Milton l. Shadur Way".

(42) CARTIER NORTH AMERICA - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4273

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Cartier North
America on 04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99248 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting and inserting language regarding the quantity and dimensions.

(42) STARBUCKS COFFEE #28867 - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4274

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Starbucks Coffee
#28867 on 04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99911 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions.

(42) THE ART INSTITUTE OF CHICAGO - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4232

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for The Art Institute of
Chicago on 06/28/2017, and printed upon page 51510 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting and inserting language regarding the quantity and compensation amounts.

(42) TORCHIO - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4231

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Torchio on
04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99931 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting the words "Seating Capacity: 16" and inserting in their place the words "Seating Capacity: 14".
(43) CFAB, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4272

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for CFAB LLC on
06/27/2019, and printed upon page 80304 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting the words and inserting in their place the words "Wrightwood 659 

96

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(43) RONAN CONSTRUCTION, LLC - 02019-4120

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RONAN
CONSTRUCTION, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2747 North Lincoln Avenue.

(44) 3401-3409 SOUTHPORT, LLC - 02019-3829

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 3401-3409 
SOUTHPORT, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 3401-3409 North Souhtport Avenue and 1348-1354 West
Roscoe Street.

(44) F6 GRACE, LLC - 02019-3834

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt F6 GRACE, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 3759-3763 North Sheffield Avenue and 951?957 West Grace Street.

(44) THE WELLINGTON CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-3830

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE WELLINGTON
CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 360 West Wellington Avenue.

(46) IHOP 1229 - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4292

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for IHOP 1229 on
03/13/2019, and printed upon page 96782 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting the words from and after 1/13/2014" and inserting in their place the words "from and after
1/13/2019".

(47) SANDWICHES - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4275

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Jerry's Sandwiches
on 03/13/2019, and printed upon page 97150 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions, seating capacity and compensation amounts.
(48) ALEX SAMOYLOVICH, OWNER OF CEDAR ST. PROPERTIES - 02019-4142

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt ALEX
SAMOYLOVICH, OWNER OF CEDAR ST. PROPERTIES from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1137 West Foster
Avenue.

(48) EDGEWATER ARTIST IN MOTION, NFP - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4230

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Edgewater Artists in
Motion, NFP on 02/28/2018, and printed upon page 2018477 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding quantity and dimensions.

97

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(48) AUTO BODY - 02019-4141

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt AUTO BODY
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 1125 West Foster Avenue.

(50) ALIBIS - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-4235

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Alibis on
04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99571 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting the words "6240 Western Ave. and inserting in their place the words "6420 Western Ave".

98

TRANSPORTATION MATTERS:

 

WARD
(42) AMENDMENT OF TAXICAB STAND NUMBER 799 - 02019-3862
An order directing the Commissioner of the Department of Transportation to remove taxicab stand
number 799, granted to the property located at North LaSalle Street (west side), from a point 240 feet
south of West Kinzie Street to a point 60 feet south thereof for (3) cabs and inserting lieu thereof the
following: No stopping No Standing Tow Zone on North LaSalle Street (west side), from a point 240 feet
south of West Kinzie Street to a point 60 feet south thereof.

99

SUBDIVISION

WARD

(11) RESIDENCES SUBDIVISION - 02019-4106
A proposed subdivision bounded by South Hillock Avenue. South Stark Street, South Throop Street and
railroad tracks/Stevenson Expressway in the 11th Ward.

100

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DEDICATIONS, OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS 0F
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

 

WARD
(28) 2500 W. ROOSEVELT DEVELOPMENT - 02019-4116
A proposed dedication of a new public alley in the block bounded by South Campbell Avenue, West
Grenshaw Street, West Fillmore Street and railroad tracks to the west.
(42) 545 INVESTORS, LLC - 02019-4108
A dedication for sidewalk widening along McClurg Court and Grand Avenue at the northeast corner of
that intersection. This property is located in the 42nd Ward.

101

