SUMMARY OF REPORTS

COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY
Committee Meeting Held on September 09, 2019

SUBMITTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL - September 18, 2019

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) 1506 GRAND CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-5925

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1506 West Grand Avenue.

(1) 1510 W. GRAND CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-5927

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 fence(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1510 West Grand Avenue.

(1) 1510 W. GRAND CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-5928

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1510 West Grand Avenue.

(1) 1523 W. CHICAGO OWNER, LLC - 02019-5931

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1523-1527 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) ALEGRIAS SEAFOOD - 02019-5904

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1024 North Ashland Avenue.

(1) BUCKTOWN FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-5746

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2422 West Fullerton Avenue.

(1) CAFE CANCALE - 02019-5747

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1578 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) CLUB PILATES WICKER PARK - 02019-5906

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1348
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) DR JEFFREY J. BETTMAN AND ASSOCIATES - 02019-6648

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1808
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) EMPTY BOTTLE, INC. - 02019-5748

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1035 North Western Avenue.

(1) GOLD STAR BAR - 02019-6647

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1755
West Division Street.

(1) HAT BEARD, LLC - 02019-5909

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 fire shutter projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1371 North Milwaukee Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6650

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1959
West Division Street.

(1) KIMBALL MINI MART - 02019-5911

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1859 North Kimball Avenue.

(1) #8527 UKRANIAN VILLAGE - 02019-5913

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2021
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) MK CONSTRUCTION BUILDERS - 02019-6649

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2000
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) PIZZA #2 - 02019-5749

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1757 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) PILOT PROJECT - 02019-6651

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2140
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02019-5750

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1293 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02019-5916

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1293
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) RUNA JAPANESE - 02019-5751

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2257 West North Avenue.

(1) SALONCHICK - 02019-5917

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2306
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) SOLIDCORE CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-5920

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1642
West Division Street.

(1) STANS DONUTS - 02019-6646

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1560-
1562 North Damen Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) TIGER AUTO PARTS - 02019-6652

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 707
North Ashland Avenue.

(1) - 02019-5924

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2406 West Fullerton Avenue.

(2) ANYTHING IS PAWSIBLE, INC. - 02019-5943

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1330
West North Avenue.

(2) AUTO SPA CHICAGO - 02019-6659

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2261?
2263 North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) CASPIAN KABAB CUISINE - 02019-5948

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1413 North Ashland Avenue.

(2) CASPIAN KABAB CUISINE - 02019-6653

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1413
North Ashland Avenue.

(2) COMPANION ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02019-6660

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2134
West Division Street.

(2) CONVEXITY PROPERTIES, LLC - 02019-5950

To construct, install, maintain and use eighteen (18) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1118 North State Street.

(2) DUBLIN BAR GRILL - 02019-5752

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1050 North State Street.

(2) ENTERPRISE LEASING CO OF CHGO - 02019-6657

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 850
North State Street.

(2) ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02019-6656

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 523
West North Avenue.

(2) FEDEX OFFICE AND PRINT SVCS, INC. - 02019-5754

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1201 North Dearborn Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) GRAND APPLIANCE - 02019-5951

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1300
West North Avenue.

(2) HORWEEN LEATHER CO. - 02019-5953

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) occupation of spaces to occupy and use for the
purpose of housing three (3) sheds and a hopper at 2015-2021 North Elston Avenue.

(2) JHTC HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-5954

To maintain and use, as now constructed, forty three (43) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 875 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) JHTC HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-5956

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) trees on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 875 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) JOHN W. JORDAN II - 02019-5958

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3 West Burton Place.

(2) JUDY MAXWELL HOME - 02019-5959

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1349
North Wells Street.

(2) LASER AWAY - 02019-6658

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1953
West Wabansia Avenue.

(2) LOYOLA UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - 02019-5960

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 26 East Pearson.

(2) LULULEMON USA, INC. - 02019-5961

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) sunscreen on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 938-944 West North Avenue.

(2) MAUGE, INC. - 02019-5755

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1629 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) NAPLETON INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP L.P. - 02019-5757

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1030 North Clark Street.

(2) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02019-5963

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) building projections projecting over the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 245 East Chicago Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) PALMOLIVE BUILDING CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - OI2019-5964

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 159 East Walton Place.

(2) PIANO FACTORY TOWNHOUSE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-5967

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) lawn sprinkler systems under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2501 North Wayne Avenue.

(2) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-5975

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) power supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 230 East Chicago Avenue.

(2) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-5977

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) power supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 840 North Dewitt Place.

(2) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-5980

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) power supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 851 North Dewitt Place.

(2) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-5982

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) power supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 899 North Dewitt Place.

(2) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-5983

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) power supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 221 East Lake Shore Drive.

(2) RESURRECTION HEALTH CARE - 02019-5986

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2233 West Division Street.

(2) RESURRECTION HEALTH CARE - 02019-5987

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2233 West Division Street.

(2) RESURRECTION HEALTH CARE - 02019-5988

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) trees on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2233 West Division Street.

(2) STATE AND CHESTNUT 845 N. STATE ST. - 02019-5991

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ice melt/snow melt system under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 845 North State Street.

(2) TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA - 02019-5995

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) fence(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 919 North Michigan Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA - 02019-5999

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 919 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) THE RUTH PAGE FOUNDATION - 02019-5990

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 fire escape projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1016 North Dearborn Street.

(2) WARBY PARKER - 02019-6001

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1123
North State Street.

(3) 1345 S. WABASH DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION - 02019-6048

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1345 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) 2111 WABASH OWNER, LLC - 02019-6039

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2111 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) 2111 WABASH OWNER, LLC - 02019-6042

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2111 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) 2111 WABASH OWNER, LLC - 02019-6044

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter railing(s) on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2111 South Wabash Avenue.

(3) DAYSTAR EDUCATION ASSOCIATION, INC. - 02019-6661

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1550
South State Street.

(3) JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6006

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1934
South State Street.

(3) MCCORMICK HOSPALITY SOUTH, LLC - 02019-6008

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 2306 South Indiana Avenue.

(3) MICHAELS DEVELOPMENT - 02019-6010

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) irrigation system under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 4220-4234 South Prarie Avenue.

(3) MIDWAY FOOD AND LIQUORS - 02019-6012

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
5500 South State Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(3) MINGHIN JAPANESE - 02019-6014

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1234
South Michigan Avenue.

(3) MOBILE MERCHANT, INC. - 02019-6016

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 339
East 47th Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6019

To construct, install, maintain and use thirty five (35) balconies projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2310 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6021

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2310 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6024

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) siamese connections projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 2310 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6027

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) siamese connection projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2310 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 9 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6028

To construct, install, maintain and use thirty five (35) balconies projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2350 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 9 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6030

To construct, install, maintain and use eleven (11) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2350 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 9 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-6033

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) siamese connection projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2350 South State Street.

(4) COSMOPOLITAN LOFTS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-6051

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) balconies projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1133 South Wabash Avenue.

(4) DRIICA OLD COLONY, LLC CIO CAMPUS AQUISITIONS LLC - 02019-6052

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 407 South Dearborn Street.

(4) HYDE PARK ANIMAL CLINIC - 02019-5758

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1363 East 53rd Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(4) INTERPARK - 02019-6057

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 318
South Federal Street.

(4) LAKE PARK ASSOCIATES - 02019-6058

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) building projections projecting over the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5238 South Harper Avenue.

(4) LG DEVELOPMENT GROUP, LLC - 02019-6060

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) masonry walls projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 744 South Dearborn Street.

(4) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02019-5759

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 542 South Dearborn Street.

(4) SILLIMAN GROUP, INC. - 02019-6061

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1525 East Hyde Park Boulevard.

(4) SILLIMAN GROUP, INC. - 02019-6062

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) landscapings on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1525 East Hyde Park Boulevard.

(4) STANDING ROOM ONLY CHICAGO - 02019-5760

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 610 South Dearborn Street.

(4) TACO MADRE - 02019-6662

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 823
South State Street.

(4) THE STANDARD CLUB - 02019-6067

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 320 South Plymouth Court.

(5) 1600 E. 53RD STREET, LLC - 02019-6076

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5252 South Cornell Avenue.

(5) 1600 E. 53RD STREET, LLC - 02019-6079

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5252
South Cornell Avenue.

(5) ANTHOS TRAINING CLUBS - 02019-6663

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1558
East 53rd Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(5) FEDEX OFFICE AND PRINT SVCS, INC. - 02019-5761

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1315 East 57th Street.

(5) GCYC, LLC - 02019-6072

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 7208 South lngleside Avenue.

(5) PIZZA - 02019-6069

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) revolving door on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5311 South Blackstone Avenue.

(5) PIZZA - 02019-6070

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5311
South Blackstone Avenue.

(5) HOWARD BROWN HEALTH CENTER - 02019-6074

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5500
South Lake Park Avenue.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGMENT - 02019-6075

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter railing(s) on the public right-of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1644 East 53rd Street.

(6) NEW HORIZON STEEL - 02019-6080

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
411 East 75th Street.

(6) SPIRITS BEVERAGE CENTER - 02019-6081

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
7400 South Halsted Street.

(7) GOLD FUEL MINI MART - 02019-6664

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 7600
South Exchange Avenue.

(7) HEATING AIR CONDITIONING - 02019-6082

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2710-
2714 East 79th Street.

(8) ACME LUMBER - 02019-6084

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 7855
South Greenwood Avenue.

(8) WOODARD BUILDING, INC. - 02019-6086

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
7850 South Jeffery Boulevard.

1O

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(9) CITY SPORTS ON MICHIGAN - 02019-6088

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as
11102-11106 South Michigan Avenue.

(9) QUICK STOP FOOD LIQUOR MART, INC. - 02019-6092

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 409 East 111th Street.

(9) QUICK STOP FOOD LIQUOR MART, INC. - 02019-6093

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
409 East 111th Street.

(9) ROSEMOOR COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION - 02019-6095

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10001
South Michigan Avenue.

(9) U-HAUL CO. OF ILLINOIS, INC. - 02019-6665

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 235-
259 East 95th Street.

(10) ARMANDO TIRE SHOP - 02019-6667

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 8472-
8746 South Commercial Avenue.

(10) JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6666

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9138
South Commercial Avneue.

(11) ASHLEY HOMESTORE - 02019-6668

To maintain and use six (6) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 555
West Roosevelt Road.

(11) BUSY BEES CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER - 02019-6098

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3149-3155 South Shields Avenue.

(11) CHOCOLAT UZMA - 02019-6099

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1900 South Halsted Street.

(11) JANET CAREY - 02019-6101

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 459 West 46th Place.

(11) JANET CAREY - 02019-6104

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stair case on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 459 West 46th Place.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(11) JOANN STORE #2386 - 02019-6669

To maintain and use six (6) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 555
West Roosevelt Road.

(11) MEXICAN RESTAURANT - 02019-5762

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 733 West Maxwell Street.

(11) METROPCS AUTHORIZED DEALER - 02019-6670

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4559
South Halsted Street.

(12) CREMERIA LA ORDENA LLC - 02019-5764

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3234 West 26th Street.

(12) EXPRESS-WAY TAX SERVICES - 02019-5765

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4008 South Archer Avenue.

(12) FURNITURE, INC. - 02019-5767

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2459 South Albany Avenue.

(12) L08 CORRALES TAQUERIA, INC. - 02019-5768

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2881 West Cermak Road.

(12) JEWELRY - 02019-6106

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3308 West 26th Street.

(12) MUEBLERIA - 02019-5771

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4001 South Archer Avenue.

(13) AMERICAN WELDING GAS - 02019-6671

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6944
South Pulaski Road.

(13) ROCIOS CHILDRENS WEAR - 02019-5772

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7005 South Pulaski Road.

(14) AGENCIA MEXICANA - 02019-6108

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2701
West 51 st Street.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(14) STUFFED PIZZA CORP. - 02019-6109

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4850
South Pulaski Road.

(14) OFFICE - 02019-5775

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2645 West 51st Street.

(14) EL MUELLE - 02019-6110

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4253
West 47th Street.

(14) EL TARASCO - 02019-6672

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4358
West 51 st Street.

(14) IM DOLLAR PLUS - 02019-5777

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5149 South Kedzie Avenue.

(14) KG HALL - 02019-6112

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4235
West 47th Street.

(14) LA CEBOLLITA RESTAURANT - 02019-6114

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4343 West 47th Street.

(14) LA QUEBRADA INC. - 02019-6118

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5100-5102 South California Avenue.

(14) LA QUEBRADA INC. - 02019-6119

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5100-
5102 South California Avenue.

(14) LIQUORAMA - 02019-6123

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
4430 South Kedzie Avenue.

(14) LIQUORAMA - 02019-6125

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4430
South Kedzie Avenue.

(14) MARIN FUNERAL HOME - 02019-5778

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2744 West 51st Street.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(14) MARIN FUNERAL HOME - 02019-6126

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2744
West 51 st Street.

(14) PUB - 02019-5780

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5730 South Archer Avenue.

(14) SELF-HELP FEDERAL CREDIT UNION - 02019-6129

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4800
South Pulaski Road.

(15) FOCAL POINT, LLC - 02019-6132

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stair case on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 4141 South Pulaski Road.

(15) MONTERRE PHOTO STUDIO - 02019-5781

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1752 West 47th Street.

(15) MOROLEON FOOD INC. - 02019-5783

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4257 South Rockwell Street.

(15) SUPERMERCADO LA GLORIA - 02019-6134

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4117?
4125 South Kedzie Avenue.

(15) VILLAGE DISCOUNT OUTLET, INC. - 02019-6136

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2514
West 47th Street.

(16) TACO PLACE - 02019-6138

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2746
West 59th Street.

(16) GRILL - 02019-6745

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6241
South Ashland Avenue.

(16) FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-6673

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1156
West 63rd Street.

(16) VIREVA NURSERY SCHOOL - 02019-6140

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1935
West 51 st Street.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(17) CHILD DAYCARE CENTER - 02019-5784

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2909 West 63rd Street.

(17) HOT CITY LOUNGE - 02019-6143

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7432
South Racine Avenue.

(17) LITTLE HANDS CHILD CREATIVE CENTER, INC. - 02019-5786

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 7146 South Ashland Avenue.

(17) MOTORS - 02019-6674

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6559
South Western Avenue.

(18) CROSSTOWN ELECTRIC SUPPLY CORPORATION - 02019-6675

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7733
South Western Avenue.

(19) DOLLAR TREE #06910 - 02019-5787

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 11037-11043 South Kedzie Avenue.

(19) OFFICE - 02019-6676

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 11064
South Western Avenue.

(20) BOOST MOBILE - 02019-6146

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4738
South Ashland Avenue.

(21) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #7612 - 02019-6151

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security fence(s) the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 7927 South Ashland Avenue.

(22) DON PEPE - 02019-5807

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3616 West 26th Street.

(22) FREEWAY INSURANCE - 02019-6677

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3734
West 26th Street.

(22) GERADO IZAGUIRRE - 02019-6153

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2756 South Pulaski Road.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

 

 

WARD

(22) SUPERMERCADO SANTOS - 02019-6155

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
4045-4047 West 31 st Street.

(23) 63RD STREET THRIFT - 02019-6678

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3503
West 63rd Street.

(23) ALLSTATE INSURANCE - 02019-6157

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5657
South Harlem Avenue.

(23) ARCHER HEIGHTS CREDIT UNION - 02019-6159

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6554 West Archer Avenue.

(23) FIRESTONE - 02019-6160

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5945
South Archer Avenue.

(23) FLOWERS GIFTS - 02019-5815

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3747 West 63rd Street.

(23) TAQUERIA LA HACIENDITA, INC. - 02019-6162

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5922-
5924 South Pulaski Road.

(23) THE BLOOMING LOTUS, CORP. - 02019-5813

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6842 West Archer Avenue.

(24) BOOK COVERS, INC. - CARAUSTAR - 02019-6166

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirteen (13) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 4501 West 16th Street.

(24) BOOK COVERS, INC. - CARAUSTAR - 02019-6167

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
4501 West 16th Street.

(24) NORTH LAWNDALE EMPLOYMENT NETWORK - 02019-5818

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3936 West Roosevelt Road.

(24) PULASKI DOLLAR FOOD, INC. - 02019-6174

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 737 South Pulaski Road.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(24) THE CONNECTION - 02019-6170

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) fire shutter(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 2020 South Pulaski Road.

(24) THE CONNECTION - 02019-6171

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2020 South Pulaski Road.

(24) THE CONNECTION - 02019-6173

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2020 South Pulaski Road.

(25) BIRRIERIA REYES DE OCOTLAN - 02019-5821

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1322 West 18th Street.

(25) DALIDA BRITO - 02019-6184

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1412 West 17th Street.

(25) DELGADO TRAVEL AGENCY, INC. - 02019-5822

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2108 West Cermak Road.

(25) SPORTING GOODS - 02019-6188

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1100
South Canal Street.

(25) CHOICE RESTAURANT - 02019-5824

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2238 South Wentworth Avenue.

(25) FURIOUS SPOON - 02019-6190

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1316 West 18th Street.

(25) IL VICINATO, INC. - 02019-6192

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2435 South Western Avenue.

(25) LA PULQUERIA - 02019-6193

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2501 South Western Avenue.

(25) LEAVITT LAUNDRY, LLC - 02019-6679

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2145
West Cermak Road.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(25) MERCY HOME FOR BOYS GIRLS - 02019-6195

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 facade on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1118-1120 West Jackson Boulevard.

(25) MINI MART - 02019-5825

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1724 South Ashland Avenue.

(25) RACK #280 - 02019-6200

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1118
South Canal Street.

(25) ON WELLS - 02019-5826

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 411 South Wells Street.

(25) PILSEN METROPOLIS, LLC - 02019-6202

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2100 South Morgan Street.

(25) HAMUBURGERS TACOS - 02019-6203

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2404
South Blue Island Avenue.

(25) ROOSEVELT COLLECTION SHOPS - 02019-6204

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eighteen (18) balconies projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 150 West Roosevelt Road.

(25) ROOSEVELT COLLECTION SHOPS - 02019-6218

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty five (25) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 150 West Roosevelt Road.

(25) ROOSEVELT COLLECTION SHOPS - 02019-6221

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) manholes under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 150 West Roosevelt Road.

(25) ROOSEVELT COLLECTION SHOPS - 02019-6226

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 150
West Roosevelt Road.

(25) STAR LIGHT FOOD MARKET - 02019-6233

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 211
West 22nd Place.

(25) THE CRYOBAR WEST LOOP, - 02019-6182

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1215
West Madison Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(26) CARNICERIAS JIMENEZ - 02019-6248

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4204-4216 West North Avenue.

(26) CARNICERIAS JIMENEZ - 02019-6251

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
4204-08 West North Avenue.

(26) DIVISION DENTAL CLINIC - 02019-6254

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2632
West Division Street.

(26) FAMILY DOLLAR 7726 - 02019-6257

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Security Fence(s) under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3217 West North Avenue .

(26) FAMILY DOLLAR #2668 - 02019-6680

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2700
West Division Street.

(26) ROOTSTOCK WINE BEER BAR - 02019-6260

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 954 North California Avenue.

(26) FOOD LIQUOR INC - 02019-6266

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bay Window(s) under the public right?of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2600 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) 1400 ORLEANS PROPERTY COMPANY LLC - 02019-6374

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seventeen (17) Caisson(s) under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1415 North Sedgwick Street.

(27) 328 CARPENTER LLC - 02019-6367

To maintain and use, as now constructed, sixteen (16) Caisson(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 318-328 North Carpenter Street.

(27) 328 CARPENTER LLC - 02019-6370

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Earth Retention System(s) under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 318-328 North Carpenter Street.

(27) BOMBO BAR WELLS STREET - 02019-5835

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1529 North Wells Street.

(27) BRITISH SCHOOL OF CHICAGO - 02019-6271

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Bicycle Rack(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 814 West Eastman Street.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) CHASING TAILS 4U, INC. - 02019-5837

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1724 West Lake Street.

(27) COSENTINO CENTER - CHICAGO - 02019-6277

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1060
West Division Street.

(27) COSENTINO CENTER - CHICAGO - 02019-6279

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1060
West Division Street.

(27) DIRTY ROOT, INC. - 02019-6281

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 939
WEST Randolph Street.

(27) EGP1H, LLC. - 02019-6284

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bay Window(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 549 North Sawyer Avenue.

(27) FIRESTONE - 02019-6285

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 909
West North Avenue.

(27) FLEURAMETZ - 02019-5841

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 222 North Laflin Street.

(27) FOXTROT MARKET - 02019-5843

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1562 North Wells Street.

(27) FULTON GALLEY - 02019-6292

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1115
West Fulton Market.

(27) LLC - 02019-6289

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Parkway Curb(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 323 North Ada Street.

(27) ICE CREAM BAR, INC. - 02019-6294

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3725
West Chicago Avenue.

(27) INLAND BANK AND TRUST - 02019-5832

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 1000 West Washington Boulevard.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) INLAND BANK AND TRUST - 02019-6296

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1000
West Washington Boulevard.

(27) KAISER TIGER - 02019-6298

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1415 West Randolph Street.

(27) LOU PIZZERIA - 02019-6302

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) Door Swing(s) under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 1235 West Randolph Street.

(27) LOVESAC - 02019-6683

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1501
North Halsted Street.

(27) MARILLAC SOCIAL CENTER, INC. - 02019-6305

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Tree(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2859 West Jackson Boulevard.

(27) NEXT RESTURANT - 02019-5849

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 953-955 West Fulton Market.

(27) NEXT RESTURANT - 02019-6308

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Concrete Wall(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 953-955 West Fulton Market.

(27) NEXT RESTURANT - 02019-6321

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 953-955 West Fulton Market.

(27) NOMAD-CHICAGO, LLC. - 02019-6324

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Staircase(s) under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 820 North Franklin Street.

(27) - 02019-6327

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1551
North Sheffield Avenue.

(27) OLD TOWN LUXURY SUITES, LLC. - 02019-6331

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty five (35) Balcony(s) under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 157 West North Avenue.

(27) PEORIA GREEN OWNER, LLC. - 02019-6334

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Caisson(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 215 North Peoria Street.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) PIE-EYED PIZZERIA - 02019-5850

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1111 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) PIER 1 IMPORTS #1665 - 02019-6339

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Door Swing(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1574 North Kingsbury Street.

(27) PIER 1 IMPORTS #1665 - 02019-6343

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Step(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1574 North Kingsbury Street.

(27) SUITE LOUNGE - 02019-5851

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1446 North Wells Street.

(27) THE ENERGY INFUSER, INC., - 02019-6682

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1123
West Washington Boulevard.

(27) THE VIG CHICAGO - 02019-6356

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1527 North Wells Street.

(27) THOR 816 WEST FULTON OWNER, LLC. - 02019-6347

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seventeen (17) Caisson(s) under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 311 North Green Street.

(27) THOR 816 WEST FULTON OWNER, LLC. - 02019-6349

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Sheeting(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 311 North Green Street.

(27) TIME OUT MARKET - 02019-6681

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 916-
926 West Fulton Market.

(27) UNITED CENTER JOINT VENTURE - 02019-6351

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty six (36) bollard(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1901 West Madison Street.

(27) VEQUITY - 02019-6353

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1001
West Fulton Market .

(27) WEED-SHEFFIELD, LLC - 02019-6685

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1001
West North Avenue.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) WEED-SHEFFIELD, LLC. - 02019-6359

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Door Swing(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1001 West North Avenue.

(27) WEST LOOP VETERINARY CARE - 02019-6684

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 815
West Randolph Street.

(27) WEST TOWN BIKES, NFP - 02019-6362

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bicycle Rack(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 771 North Milwaukee Avenue. 
(28) ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02019-6686

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1224
South Western Avenue.

(28) BAR GRILL, INC. - 02019-5856

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1458 West Taylor Street.

(28) TEC FOODS, INC. - 02019-6380

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Occupation of Space(s) for parking on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4300 West Ohio Street.

(28) VILLA JOIN THE MOVEMENT - 02019-6383

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3913-
3919 West Madison Street.

(28) WEST AUSTIN DEVELOPMENT CENTER - 02019-6387

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4920 West Madison Street.

(28) YOYO FOOD MART, INC. - 02019-6390

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2801 West Harrison Street.

(29) BISTRO GRAND - 02019-5857

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2362-2364 North Neva Avenue.

(29) BUTCHER SHOP - 02019-6396

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
5817 West Madison Street.

(29) SUBWAY RESTAURANT - 02019-6398

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5973
West Madison Street.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(30) BOOST MOBILE STORE - 02019-6690

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3708
West Diversey Avenue.

(30) CZERWONE JABLUSZKO REST, INC. - 02019-6409

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3121
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(30) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-6412

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) Caisson(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 2973 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(30) FULLERTON PARKSIDE, LLC - 02019-6689

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5632
West Fullerton Avenue.

(30) JIMENEZ FRESH MARKET - 02019-5858

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5330 West Belmont Avenue.

(30) JIMENEZ FRESH MARKET - 02019-6414

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5330
West Belmont Avenue.

(30) FLOWERS, INC. - 02019-6687

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5534
1/2 West Belmont Avenue.

(30) MULTIMEX, INC. - 02019-6417

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5329
West Belmont Avenue.

(30) PODLASIE - 02019-6688

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2918
North Central Park Avenue.

(30) RETRO CAFE RESTAURANT - 02019-6418

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3246-3248 North Central Avenue.

(30) THE AUTO WAREHOUSE - 02019-6404

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3632-3636 North Cicero Avenue.

(30) WALGREENS 07359 - 02019-6420

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3222 North Milwaukee Avenue.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(31) ALEXIAS FRESH MARKET - 02019-6376

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4459 West Diversey Avenue.

(31) AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATES - 02019-6379

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2955
North Central Avenue.

(31) BARBARA DOERFLER - 02019-5860

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5143 West Diversey Avenue.

(31) BURGERS - 02019-6384

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2320
North Cicero Avenue .

(31) DIVERSEY FAMILY DENTAL - 02019-6388

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4446
West Diversey Avenue.

(31) MORGAN CANINE ACADEMY - 02019-6691

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4934
West Belmont Avenue.

(31) SUPERMERCADO MARTIN -02019-6692

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5155?
5159 West Addison Street.

(31) WALGREENS 09470 - 02019-6393

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4817
West Fullerton Avenue.

(31) WALGREENS #4986 - 02019-5862

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4745 West Belmont Avenue.

(31) WENZL CO. - 02019-5865

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3018 North Laramie Avenue.

(32) - 02019-5869

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1721 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(32) AZUCAR BAR GRILL - 02019-6209

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2647 North Kedzie Avenue.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) BFF BIKES - 02019-5871

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2113 West Armitage Avenue.

(32) BIG CITY BIKES - 02019-5872

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2425 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) BLUELIGHT - 02019-6215

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3251 North Western Avenue.

(32) BREAKFAST HOUSE RESTAURANT - 02019-5873

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3001 North Ashland Avenue.

(32) COLDWELL BANKER - 02019-6214

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1457
West Belmont Avenue.

(32) DIVERBANY, LLC. - 02019-6223

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Bay Window(s) under the public right?of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 3057-3059 West Diversey Avenue.

(32) DIVERBANY, LLC. - 02019-6227

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Door Swing(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 3057-3059 West Diversey Avenue.

(32) GALLERY CABARET - 02019-6235

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2020 North Oakley Avenue.

(32) GALLERY CABARET - 02019-6238

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2020
North Oakley Avenue.

(32) IRAZU, INC. - 02019-6240

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Planter(s) under the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1865 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) JIMMY JOHNS SANDWICH SHOPS - 02019-5874

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2115 West Roscoe Street.

(32) KALEIDOKIDS - 02019-6242

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Planter(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2157 North Damen Avenue.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN WAY:

 

WARD

(32) LABOR TEMPS - 02019-6247

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2147 North Western Avenue.

(32) LABOR TEMPS - 02019-6250

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2147 North Western Avenue.

(32) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6258

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bicycle Rack(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2959 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6261

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bicycle Rack(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 3017 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6265

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Bicycle Rack(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 3144 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6268

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3152 North Southport Avenue.

(32) LEIGH MARCUS, INC. - 02019-6273

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Planter(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2203 West Roscoe Street.

(32) PUB - 02019-5875

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1925 West Cortland Street.

(32) CAFE - 02019-5877

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3406 North Hoyne Avenue.

(32) LUSH HANDMADE COSMETICS - 02019-6275

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1727
North Damen Avenue.

(32) LUSH HANDMADE COSMETICS - 02019-6319

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1727
North Damen Avenue.

(32) MOVIMENTO BJJ FITNESS, INC. - 02019-6693

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2139
North Damen Avenue.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) SIP OF HOPE - 02019-6330

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3039
West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) SMOKE STATION - 02019-5878

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2627 North Kedzie Avenue.

(32) SPA SOAK, INC. - 02019-6336

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1733 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) BURRITO MEX, INC. - 02019-5880

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1957 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) UNDERBAR - 02019-6341

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3243 North Western Avenue.

(32) UNDERBAR - 02019-6345

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3243 North Western Avenue.

(32) VOSGES HAUT-CHOCOLAT - 02019-6361

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Manhole(s) under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 2950 North Oakley Avenue.

(32) WINDY CITY HAND CAR WASH - FULLERTON - 02019-6369

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3265
West Fullerton Avenue.

(33) DMSFIT, LLC - 02019-6694

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3136
West Montrose Avenue.

(33) GREAT SEA RESTAURANT - 02019-6401

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3253
West Lawrence Avenue.

(33) ROCK COUNTER KITCHEN BATH, INC. - 02019-6403

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3541
North Elston Avenue.

(34) FAMILY DOLLAR #2465 - 02019-6695

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 811
West 103rd Street.

28

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(35) BOEM - 02019-6407

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3910-14 West Montrose Avenue.

(35) DELGADO TRAVEL AGENCY, INC. - 02019-5882

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3807 West Fullerton Avenue.

(35) LATINO TAX CORP. - 02019-6696

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4101
West Armitage Avenue.

(35) LUCHA - 02019-6410

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Landscaping(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2746 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(35) SABA ITALIAN BAR 8. KITCHEN - 02019-5883

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2715-2719 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(35) SABA ITALIAN BAR KITCHEN - 02019-6436

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2715-
2719 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(36) AMIGO TIRE SHOP - 02019-6438

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5940
West Grand Avenue.

(36) CARNICERIA LA VILLA NO. 2 - 02019-6440

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
5800 West Grand Avenue.

(36) MBC MOBILE 1 - 02019-6697

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5959
West Fullerton Avenue.

(36) MCGRATH CITY HYUNDAI - 02019-6698

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6750
West Grand Avenue.

(36) TAQUERIA LA ESQUINITA - 02019-5887

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6924 West Grand Avenue.

(36) AMERICA MULTISERVICES - 02019-5889

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4420 West Armitage Avenue.

29

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(37) NEW VISION COLLISION, INC. - 02019-6443

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4825
West Division Street.

(37) SUBWAY RESTAURANT - 02019-6445

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5215
West Chicago Avenue.

(38) XSPORT FITNESS - 02019-6699

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5507-
5521 West Irving Park Road.

(39) WALGREENS #09709 - 02019-6447

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4010 West Lawrence Avenue.

(40) APACHE MOTEL - 02019-6427

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5535
North Lincoln Avenue.

(40) CHICAGO PHO - 02019-6700

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2703-
2705 West Lawrence Avenue.

(40) LOST LARSON - 02019-6431

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Planter(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5318 North Clark Street.

(40) MCZ EDGEWATER, LLC. - 02019-6430

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5700 North Ashland Avenue.

(41) ABELL ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02019-6702

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6032
North Northwest Highway.

(41) AMISH CUSTOM KITCHENS - 02019-5894

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6756 North Harlem Avenue.

(41) CHASE BANK ATM - 02019-6701

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6145
North Northwest Highway.

(41) LEE JACK INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-6703

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7222-
7238 North Harlem Avenue.

30

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) 10 LASALLE OWNER, LLC - 02019-6458

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Vaults under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 10 South LaSalle Street.

(42) 100 HURON ST CONDO - 0219-6462

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 100 East Huron Street.

(42) 100 STATE ST, LLC - 02019-6463

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) vau t(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1 West Monroe Street.

(42) 108 NORTH STATE STREET (CHICAGO) OWNER, LLC - 02019-6645

To maintain and use seventeen (17) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known
as 108 North State Street.

(42) 108 NORTH STATE STREET (CHICAGO) OWNER, LLC - 02019-6704

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 108
North State Street.

(42) 156 JEFERSON, LLC - 02019-6465

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 156 North Jefferson Street.

(42) 162 W. HUBBARD BUILDING, LLC - 02019-6467

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 162 West Hubbard Street.

(42) 180 LASALLE PROPERTY OWNER LLC - 02019-6470

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Facades on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 180 North LaSalle Street.

(42) 180 LASALLE PROPERTY OWNER, LLC - 02019-6471

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Flag Pole(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 180 North LaSaIle Street .

(42) 180 LASALLE PROPERTY OWNER, LLC - 02019-6472

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirty two (32) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 180 North LaSaIle Street.

(42) 300 NORTH LASALLE, LLC - 02019-6473

To construct, install, maintain and use eight (8) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 300 North LaSalle Street.

(42) 303 MADISON - 02019-6476

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Balcony(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Madison Street.

31

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) 303 MADISON - 02019-6478

To maintain and use, as now constructed,six (6) Flag Pole(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Madison Street.

(42) 303 MADISON - 02019-6480

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Soffit(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Madison Street.

(42) 303 MADISON - 02019-6482

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Vaults(s) under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 303 West Madison Street.

(42) 303 MADISON - 02019-6484

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two(2) Ventilation Well(s) under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Madison Street.

(42) 333 WABASH PARTNERS, LLC - 02019-6485

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 333 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) 400-410 MICHIGAN REAL ESTATE, LLC - 02019-5914

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 410 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) 400-410 MICHIGAN REAL ESTATE, LLC - 02019-6486

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 400-410 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) 401 ONTARIO CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-6487

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) Landscaping(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 401 East Ontario Street.

(42) 50 EAST CHESTNUT CONDOMINIUM - 02019-6460

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 50 East Chestnut Street.

(42) 601 SULLIVAN LLC - 02019-6490

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight(8) enclosed Bridges(s) projecting over the public right?of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 1 South State Street.

(42) 601 SULLIVAN, LLC - 02019-6491

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four(4) Loading Docks on the public right?of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1 South State Street.

(42) 601 SULLIVAN, LLC - 02019-6492

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Permanent Enclosure(s) (Rotunda) on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1 South State Street.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) 601 SULLIVAN, LLC - 02019-6494

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nineteen (19) vaults under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1 South State Street.

(42) 601 SULLIVAN, LLC - 02019-6495

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Window Display(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 1 South State Street.

(42) 750, LLC - 02019-6489

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 750 North Orleans Street.

(42) ILLINOIS - 02019-6205

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 641 North Dearborn Street.

(42) BARNEYS NEW YORK - 02019-5897

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 15 East Oak Street.

(42) BRE 312 OWNER, LLC - 02019-6206

To construct, install, maintain and use ten (10) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 233 South Wacker Drive.

(42) BRISTOL CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-6207

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Manhole(s) under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 57 East Delaware Place.

(42) BRISTOL CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-6208

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 57 East Delaware Place.

(42) CAFE BONHOMME I BEATNIK ON THE RIVER - 02019-5921

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 180 North Wacker Drive.

(42) CITYFRONT HOTEL ASSOCIATES LMT. PTN - 02019-6211

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 301 East North Water Street.

(42) COLUMBIA COLLEGE CHICAGO - 02019-6213

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Conduit(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 619 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) COMMUTER RAIL DIVISION OF REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITY - 02019-6216
To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Retaining Walls on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 300 North Canal Street .

33

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) CONGRESS PLAZA HOTEL - 02019-6217

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
520 South Michigan Avenue.

(42) CONVENE - 02019-6220

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 311
West Monroe Street.

(42) COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT - 02019-6222

To maintain and use. as now constructed, two (2) Smoking Management Receptacles(s) on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 30 East Hubbard Street.

(42) CYCLE BAR RIVER NORTH - 02019-6717

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 720
North LaSalle Drive.

(42) DAMEN 4 MANAGEMENT OF ILLINOIS, LLC - 02019-6714

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 216
West Jackson Blvd.

(42) ENTERPRISE LEASING COMPANY OF CHICAGO - 02019-6708

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10
East Ohio Street.

(42) ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02019-6709

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 201
West Madison Street.

(42) ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR - 02019-6710

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 303
West Lake Street.

(42) FEDEX OFFICE AND PRINTS SVCS, INC. - 02019-6224

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 30
West Erie Street.

(42) FULTON HOUSE CONDOMNIUM ASSOICATION - 02019-6229

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Ramp on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 345 North Canal.

(42) GARRETT POPCORN SHOPS - 02019-6713

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 625
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) GATEWAY CATALYST, LLC - 02019-6231

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) caissons on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 123 North Desplaines Street.

34

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) GIBSONS STEAK HOUSE - 02019-6239

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1028 North Rush Street .

(42) GIC 11 E. WALTON, LLC - 02019-6241

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 11 East Walton Street.

(42) HAMPTON INN SUITES - 02019-6243

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2)Flag Pole(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 33 West Illinois Street.

(42) HARRY RESTAURANT - 02019-5898

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 33 West Kinzie street .

(42) HART 353 NORTH CLARK, LLC - 02019-6245

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 353 North Clark Street .

(42) FROG BAR - 02019-5899

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1024-1026 North Rush Street.

(42) HYATT PLACE CHICAGO DOWNTOWN THE LOOP - 02019-6252

To maintain and use, as now constructed,one (1) Door Swing(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 28 North Franklin Street .

(42) I AM TEMPLE OF CHICAGO, INC. - 02019-6256

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Fire Escape(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 176 West Washington Street.

(42) ICEBREAKER - 02019-6259

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 44
East Walton Street.

(42) INTER CAPITAL REALITY CORPORATION - 02019-6263

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fifteen (15) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 307 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-5900

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 747 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6269

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Manhole(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 181 North Clark Street.

35

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6274

To maintain and use nine (9) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10
East Grand Avenue.

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6276

To maintain and use six (6) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 20
East Randolph Street.

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6280

To maintain and use seven (7) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 50
East Ohio Street .

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6283

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 330
East Ohio Street .

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6287

To maintain and use seven (7) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 437
North Orleans Street .

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-6290

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 747
North Wabash Avenue.

(42) JP MORGAN CHASE - 02019-6716

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 230
West Grand Avenue .

(42) L.A.TAN - 02019-6295

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 113
South Clinton Street.

(42) LE COLONIAL - 02019-6711

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 57
East Oak Street.

(42) MC NEILLS - 02019-5902

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 400 North Mcclurg Court.

(42) MARC REALTY - 02019-6297

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Siamese Connection(s) projecting over the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 180 North Wabash Avenue.

(42) MEPT MCCLURG COURT, LLC - 02019-6300

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 330
East Ohio Street.

36

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) MERCER FEATHER CHICAGO - 02019-6304

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
113-119 West Hubbard Street.

(42) METROPOLIS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-6306

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 8 West Monroe Street.

(42) MICHAEL MICHAEL HAIR - 02019-6310

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 365 West Chicago Avenue.

(42) MOXY HOTEL - 02019-6312

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
530 North LaSalle Drive.

(42) MOZZARELLA STORE PIZZA CAFFE - 02019-6718

To maintain and use six (6) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 822
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) MUSEUM OF BROADCAST - 02019-6316

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 360 North State Street.

(42) NORTHWESTERN MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - 02019-6318

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Conduit(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 221 East Huron Street.

(42) NYC BAGEL DELI-DEARBORN - 02019-6707

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 515
North Dearborn Street.

(42) OPTIMA, INC - 02019-6323

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seventeen (17) Caisson's under the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 214-236 East Illinois Street.

(42) PARK HYATT WATER TOWER ASSOCIATES - 02019-6328

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) Manholes(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 800 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) POTBELLY - 02019-5907

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 508 North Clark Street.

(42) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS, LLC - 02019-5905

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 190 North State Street.

37

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6337

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) power supply on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1 West Illinois Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6340

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1 West Ohio Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6348

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 936 North Rush Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6350

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power supply(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 708 North Rush Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6355

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 400 East North Water Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6357

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 400 East Erie Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6360

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 111 East Chestnut Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6368

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 60 East Delaware Place.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6372

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 338 North Dearborn Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6375

To maintain and use, as now constructed, Power Supply(s) under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 421 East Grand Avenue.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6378

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Power Supply(s) under the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 3 West Hubbard Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6381

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one(1) Power Supply(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 410 East Ohio Street.

38

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6386

To maintain and use, as now constructed, One (1) Power Supp y(s) under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 51 East Ontario Street.

(42) RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS - 02019-6389

To maintain and use, as now constructed, One (1) Power Supply on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 602 North St. Clair Street.

(42) REGUS MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC - 02019-6712

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 620
North LaSalle Drive.

(42) RIVER NORTH LIMITED PARTNERSHIP #2 - 02019-6421

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 325 West Huron Street .

(42) RIVER NORTH SELF PARK - 02019-6391

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) Tree Gates on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 60 West Kinzie Street.

(42) RIVERVIEW CONDOMINIUM - 02019-6395

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) Trees on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 445 East North Water Street.

(42) ROSEBUD-RUSH - 02019-5910

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 56 East Superior Street.

(42) - 02019-6705

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 111
West Illinois Street .

(42) SEVENTEENTH CHURCH OF CHRIST - 02019-6422

To maintain and use. as now constructed, one (1) occupation of Space for (parking, dumpsters and
mechanicals) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 55 East Wacker Drive.
(42) SIX NORTH MICHIGAN CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-6423

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 6 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) SL CIVIC WACKER, LLC - 02019-6424

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Building Projection(2) over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 20 North Wacker Drive.

(42) BAR GRILL - 02019-6426

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 448 North State Street.

39

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) STARBUCKS - 02019-6428

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 646 North Michigan Avenue .

(42) STARBUCKS - 02019-6706

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 646
North Michigan Avenue .

(42) STARBUCKS COFFEE COMPANY - 02019-6429

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 217
South Wacker Drive.

(42) STERLING BAY COMPANY, LLC - 02019-6432

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Cornice(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 626 West Jackson Boulevard.

(42) SUPERIOR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-6433

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one(1) Grease Trap(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 41 East superior Street.

(42) TAO CHICAGO - 02019-6434

To maintain and use, as now constructed,two (2) Light Poles on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 632 North Dearborn Street.

(42) THE KERRYMAN - 02019-6293

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 661 North Clark Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-6402

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Arch(s) projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-6405

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) Building Projections(s) under the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-6408

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) Coiumn(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-6411

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Facade(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

40

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-6413

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Sculpture(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES CONDOMINIUM ON THE MAGNIFICENT MILE CONDOMINIUM
ASSOCIATION - 02019-6416

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) Stone Coping(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 118 East Erie Street.

(42) THE RESIDENCES HUDSON HURON CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-6419

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
451 West Huron Street.

(42) THOMPSON BUILDING, LLC - 02019-6435

To construct, install, maintain and use eleven (11) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 350 North Clark Street.

(42) THOR PALMER HOUSE HOTEL SHOPS - 02019-6439

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 17 East Monroe Street.

(42) THOR PALMER HOUSE HOTEL SHOPS - 02019-6442

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Vault(s) under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 17 East Monroe Street.

(42) THOR PALMER HOUSE HOTEL SHOPS - 02019-6446

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 128 South Wabash Avenue.

(42) TWO EAST ERIE CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-6448

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2 East Erie Street.

(42) TWO NORTH RIVERSIDE PLAZA JOINT VENTURE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-6449
To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) Siamese connection(s) projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2 North Riverside Plaza.

(42) VAPIANO - 02019-6715

To maintain and use six (6) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 44
South Wabash Avenue.

(42) WALGREENS #07630 - 02019-6452

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 933 North State Street.

(42) WALGREENS #3072 - 02019-6451

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 641 North Clark Street.

41

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) WELLS BOOKSTORE - 02019-6454

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 176-180 North Wells.

(42) WLS TELEVISION, INC. - 02019-6456

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 190 North State Street.

(43) 2548 NORTH BURLING, INC. - 02019-6406

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Bay Window(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2548 North Burling Street.

(43) AMBROSIA CAFE - 02019-5919

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1963 North Sheffield Avenue.

(43) BLUE MOUSE HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-6228

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2470 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) CENACLE CONVENT - 02019-6230

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Landscaping(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 513 West Fullerton Parkway.

(43) DR STEVEN K. KAJITA PROF.CORP - 02019-6725

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2525
North Lincoln Avenue .

(43) ECONOMY CURRENCY EXCHANGE LMTD. - 02019-6722

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 721
West Armitage Avenue.

(43) EDWARD BENFORD - 02019-6234

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Planter Railing(s) under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 632 West Belden Avenue.

(43) FRANCIS W. PARKER SCHOOL - 02019-6236

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) Landscaping(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 330 West Webster Avenue.

(43) GEMINI BISTRO - 02019-5929

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2075 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) HINESIMCCAFFERY CONDO MANAGER, LLC - 02019-6244

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) Balcony(s) projecting the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2350 North Orchard Street.

42

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) HINESIMCCAFFERY CONDO MANAGER, LLC - 02019-6249

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2)Light Po e(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2350 North Orchard Street.

(43) HOPS CURDS - 02019-6720

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2470
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) HOTWORX CHICAGO - 02019-6255

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1229
West Fullerton Avenue .

(43) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6219

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2603 North Halsted Street.

(43) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6267

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2603
North Halsted Street.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER COMMERCE - 02019-6303

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 403 West Diversey Parkway.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER COMMERCE - 02019-6317

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 509 West Diversey Pakway.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER COMMERCE - 02019-6325

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 557 West Diversey Parkway.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER COMMERCE - 02019-6329

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 639 West Diversey Parkway.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER COMMERCE - 02019-6307

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 425 West Diversey Parkway.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6313

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 427 West Diversey Parkway.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6322

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 547 West Diversy Parkway.

43

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6335

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Sculpture/Public Art on the public under the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2021 North Clark

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6338

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 )Sculpture/Public Art on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2106 North Clark Street.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6342

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Sculpture/Public Art on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2619 North Clark Street.

(43) LINCOLN PARK COMMERCE - 02019-6270

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 521 West Diversey Parkway.

(43) LINDA LISTROM - 02019-6346

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Ice Melt System under the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 854 West Webster Avenue.

(43) LOU PIZZERIA - 02019-5933

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 958 West Wrightwood Avenue.

(43) LUSH HANDMADE COSMETICS - 02019-6724

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 859
West Armitage Avenue.

(43) MARGARET INC. - 02019-5934

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 850 West Armitage Avenue.

(43) MOBIL - 02019-6719

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1106-
1112 West Fullerton Avenue.

(43) PARACHUTE HOME INC. -02019-6352

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 837
West Armitage Avenue.

(43) PIZZERIA - 02019-5936

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2679 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) POCKET PUPPIES BOUTIQUE, INC. - 02019-5939

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2479 North Clark Street.

44

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) RANY MANAGEMENT - 02019-6358

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Bay window(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2100 North Halsted Street.

(43) RANY MANAGEMENT - 02019-6363

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Fire Escape(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2100 North Halsted Street .

(43) RANY MANAGEMENT - 02019-6365

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) Step(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2100 North Halsted Street.

(43) RANY MANAGEMENT - 02019-6371

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Turret(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2100 North Halsted Street.

(43) RANY MANAGEMENT - 02019-6385

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2100 North Halsted Street.

(43) RIVER SHANNON - 02019-6721

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 425
West Armitage Avenue.

(43) RODOLFO DE LA ROSE - 02019-6392

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one(1) Bay Window(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2459 North Halsted Street.

(43) ST. JAMES LUTHERAN CHURCH - 02019-6397

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Door Swing(s) the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2101 North Fremont Street.

(43) STEVE QUICK JEWELERS - 02019-5941

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2471 North Clark Street.

(43) TOFFEE - 02019-6399

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1009 West Armitage Avenue.

(43) TOFFEE - 02019-6723

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1009
West Armitage Avenue.

(44) 3507 NORTH WILTON, LLC - 02019-6111

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Fence(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3507 North Wilton Avenue.

45

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) ANNOYANCE PRODUCTIONS - 02019-6020

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 851-
853 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) BARANGAROOS AUSSIE PIES - 02019-6022

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3208
North Sheffield avenue.

(44) CANDYALITY - 02019-6729

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3737
North Southport Avenue.

(44) CENTRAL LAKEVIEW MERCHANTS - 02019-6025

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1012 West Diversey Parkway.

(44) PUB SLICE OF - 02019-5993

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 958-964 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) CHICAGO HOUSE OF SMOKES - 02019-6732

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2917
North Broadway.

(44) CLARK STREET SPORTS - 02019-6037

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) Flag Pole(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3465 North Clark Street.

(44) CLARK STREET SPORTS - 02019-6041

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3465 North Clark Street.

(44) COMPUTERZONE USA - 02019-5996

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1134 West Belmont Avenue.

(44) CRAM CHICAGO - 02019-6000

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3331 North Broadway.

(44) ON HALSTED - 02019-6046

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3201 North Halsted Street.

(44) EL BURRITO MEXICANO - 02019-6002

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 936 West Addison Street.

46

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) FEDEX OFFICE AND PRINTS SVCS, INC. - 02019-6003

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3524 North Southport Avenue.

(44) HUTCH - 02019-6004

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3301 North Clark Street.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6050

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3337 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6053

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3359 North southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6059

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3415 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6064

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3449 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6065

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3523 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6083

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3548 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6085

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3551 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6087

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3556 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6089

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3601 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6091

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3759 North Southport Avenue.

47

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6094

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3812 North Southport Avenue.

(44) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6096

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3827 North Southport Avenue.

(44) MG. MANAGEMENT - 02019-6007

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 722 West Diversey Parkway.

(44) NORI WASABI - 02019-6728

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3109
North Halsted.

(44) PING PONG - 02019-6726

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3322
North Broadway.

(44) - 02019-6727

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3358
North Sheffield.

(44) SALLY BEAUTY SUPPLY #10093 - 02019-6102

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 556
West Diversey Parkway.

(44) SANDLOT - 02019-6731

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3477
North Clark Street.

(44) TANUKI - 02019-6730

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3006
North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) THE WAXING ROOM - 02019-6009

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3115 North Halsted Street.

(45) ART OF HAIR - 02019-6734

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5924
West Lawrence Avenue.

(45) BRIGHT SMILE DENTAL - 02019-6135

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5430
North Milwaukee Avenue.

48

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(45) HOUSE OF HAIR, INC. - 02019-6011

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4761 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) HAIR STUDIO DAY SPA CORP. - 02019-6737

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5136
West Irving Park Road.

(45) CURRENCY EXCHANGE, INC. - 02019-6735

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4814
West Irving Park Road.

(45) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6141

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4854
West Irving Park Road.

(45) MAYFEST CHICAGO, NFP - 02019-6736

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5941
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) - 02019-6733

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4946
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) RABBITS - 02019-6144

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4943-4945 West Foster Avenue.

(45) RPN SALES, INC. - 02019-6148

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4449?
4451 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) WARREN P. FABISCH - 02019-6137

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Building Projection(s) projecting the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 3930-3932 North Cicero Avenue.

(46) ARAGON ENTERTAINMENT CENTER, INC. - 02019-6738

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1106
West Lawrence Avenue.

(46) BOBBY - 02019-6013

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3729 North Halsted Street.

(46) TAQUERIA - 02019-6161

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1206
West Lawrence Avenue.

49

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS - 02019-6164

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3905 North Sheridan Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS - 02019-6165

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3908 North Sheridan Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS - 02019-6169

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3921 North Sheridan Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS - 02019-6172

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3928 North Sheridan Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION - 02019-6179

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 911 West Irving Park Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION - 02019-6185

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 925 West Irving Park Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION - 02019-6187

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 951 West Irving Park Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION - 02019-6191

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3984 North Sheridan Road.

(46) CENTRAL LAKE VIEW MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION - 02019-6194

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pianter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3985 North Sheridan Road.

(46) CORNERSTONE COMMUNITY OUTREACH - 02019-6015

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4628 North Clifton Avenue.

(46) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-6196

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3601 North Broadway.

(46) FINLEY - 02019-6197

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3701 North Broadway.

50

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(46) KIT KAT LOUNGE AND RESTAURANT - 02019-6017

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3700 North Halsted Street.

(46) SAVE RITE PHARMACY DISCOUNT CENTER - 02019-6026

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3479 North Broadway.

(46) SELF STORAGE #1 - 02019-6199

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter railings on the public right-of-way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3835-3839 North Sheffield Avenue.

(47) 20TH CENTURY TV STEREO CENTER - 02019-6461

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1611-
1615 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) ARMAND SALON SUITES, LLC - 02019-6232

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2233
West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) BOIKO OSIMANI - 02019-6246

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light ?xture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3435-3441 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) BOIKO OSIMANI - 02019-6282

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3445 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) BOIKO OSIMANI - 02019-6286

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3447 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) CHAROTTE KAWA - 02019-6291

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2525 West Leland Avenue.

(47) DOMESTIC LINEN SUPPLY CO., INC. - 02019-6299

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1 fire shutter projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4131 North Ravenswood Avenue.

(47) ENCORE, LLC - 02019-6301

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 2414 West Cuyler Avenue,

(47) GREATER RAVENSWOOD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6309

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4711 North Damen Avenue.

51

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(47) GREATER RAVENSWOOD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6311

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4717 North Damen Avenue.

(47) GREATER RAVENSWOOD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6314

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4747 North Damen Avenue.

(47) GREATER RAVENSWOOD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6320

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4805 North Damen Avenue.

(47) GREATER RAVENSWOOD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6326

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4815 North Damen Avenue.

(47) GREATER RAVENSWOOD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6333

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4827 North Damen Avenue.

(47) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-6354

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4711
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA (LINCOLN BYRON) - 02019-6029

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3868 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA (LINCOLN BYRON) - 02019-6364

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3868
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6366

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3301 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6373

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3350 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6377

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3410 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) LAKEVIEW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-6382

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3537 North Lincoln Avenue.

52

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(47) LINCOLN SQUARE CHIROPRACTIC AND PHYSICAL THERAPY - 02019-6739

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4610
North Western Avenue.

(47) MRS. AND SONS IRISH BISTRO - 02019-6394

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) flag poles projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3905 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) NC4000 CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-6441

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) grease basin under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 4027 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) RAVENSWOOD SENIOR LIVING LP - 02019-6444

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ramp on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1922 West Sunnyside Avenue.

(47) RIVER WEST MEETING ASSOCIATION - 02019-6450

To construct, install, maintain and use ?ve (5) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3616 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) SAJJAD, INC. - 02019-6032

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3801 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) SB 1900 WEST LAWRENCE, LLC - 02019-6455

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) bicycle rack(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1900 West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) SPRINT STORE BY MSM - 02019-6457

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3954
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) STEVE QUICK JEWELER - 02019-6034

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4710 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) THE WHOLE TOOTH - 02019-6035

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1801 West Irving Park Road.

(47) WISH BONE RESTAURANT - 02019-6459

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3300
North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) XIPPO - 02019-6038

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3759 North Damen Avenue.

53

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(48) BE YOGA ANDERSONVILLE - 02019-6237

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5715
North Clark Street.

(48) BIBIM TOWN - 02019-6040

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5357 North Broadway.

(48) JOSEPHINE LUK - 02019-6043

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5023 North Broadway.

(48) ODA MEDITERRANEAN CUISINE - 02019-6740

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5657-
59 North Clark Street.

(49) HOWARD JEWERLY LOAN - 02019-6741

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1551
West Howard Street.

(49) PUBLIC HOUSE - 02019-6479

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1508 West Jarvis Avenue.

(49) ROGERS PARK BUSINESS ALLIANCE - 02019-6481

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for a free landing library structure
on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6969 North Ravenswood Avenue.

(49) URBAN TABLES - 02019-6483

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6958
North Clark Street.

(50) CITY FRESH MARKET - 02019-6742

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3201
West Devon Avenue.

(50) DEVON BANK - 02019-6743

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6445
North Western Avenue.

(50) HOWARD AUTO SALES, INC. - 02019-6453

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2857
West Howard Street.

(50) LEVINSONS, INC. - 02019-6047

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2856 West Devon Avenue.

54

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(50) RIVER PARK MOTEL SUITES - 02019-6468

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6060
North Lincoln Avenue.

(50) SEYMOUR GERTZ - 02019-6475

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 6849 North Francisco Avenue.

55

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-5820

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2310 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 9 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-5828

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2350 South State Street.

(8) WALGREENS #02387 - 02019-5831

To maintain and use (5) canopies located at 1616 East 87th Street.

(13) DOUBLE LIQUORS LOUNGE - 02019-5834

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5624 South Pulaski Road.
(14) REGAL BEAGLE - 02019-5836

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3236 West 55th Street.

(15) FOCAL POINT, LLC - 02019-5840

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4141 South Pulaski Road.
(23) LAS BRISAS - 02019-5845

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5859 South Harlem Avenue.
(23) OVERT PRESS, INC. - 02019-5848

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4625 West 53rd Street.

(25) JOSEPH ZITO (PROPERTY OWNER) - 02019-5852

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 268 West 24th Street.

(25) ROOSEVELT COLLECTION SHOPS - 02019-5854

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 150 West Roosevelt Road.
(26) FARMER PRIDE PRODUCE, INC. - 02019-5855

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 756 North Western Avenue.
(27) 1400 ORLEANS PROPERTY COMPANY, LLC - 02019-5866
To maintain and use (7) canopies located at 1415 North Sedgwick Street.
(27) GREEK ISLANDS RESTAURANT - 02019-5863

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 200 South Halsted Street.
(27) MIDWEST BREWING COMPANY - 02019-5864

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2137 West Walnut Street.
(30) BFS RETAIL COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS, LLC - 02019-5867
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5811 West Belmont Avenue.
(35) DOMINGO APPLIANCE - 02019-5870

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 4121 West Armitage Avenue.
(35) THE BURLINGTON - 02019-5868

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3425 West Fullerton Avenue.
(42) 535 NORTH MICHIGAN VENTURE, LLC - 02019-5942

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 535 North Michigan Avenue.
(42) BARNEYS NEW YORK - 02019-5879

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 15 East Oak Street.

56

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(42) BRISTOL CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-5881

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 57 East Delaware Place.
(42) CLUTCH BAR RESTAURANT CHICAGO - 02019-5884

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 316-318 West Erie Street.
(42) HAMPTON INN SUITES - 02019-5886

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 33 West Illinois Street.

(42) HYATT PLACE CHICAGO DOWNTOWN THE LOOP - 02019-5888
To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 28 North Franklin Street.
(42) INTERPARK - 02019-5918

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 20 East Randolph Street.
(42) INTERPARK - 02019-5923

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 200 West Randolph Street.
(42) STERLING BAY COMPANIES, LLC - 02019-5930

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 626 West Jackson Boulevard.
(42) THE ADLAKE BUILDING - 02019-5876

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 320 West Ohio Street.

(42) WALGREENS #07630 - 02019-5935

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 933 North State Street.

(42) WALGREENS #09001 - 02019-5938

To maintain and use (9) canopies located at 191 North Clark Street.

(42) WARWICK ALLERTON HOTEL CHICAGO - 02019-5940

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 701 North Michigan Avenue.
(43) HINESIMCCAFFERY CONDO MANAGER, LLC - 02019-5966
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2350 North Orchard Street.
(44) SUBWAY - 02019-5968

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1020 West Belmont Avenue.
(45) RYCOLINE PRODUCTS, INC. - 02019-5970

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5540 North Northwest Highway.
(47) A-CARR AUTO REPAIR, INC. - 02019-5972

To maintain and use (4) canopies located at 4246 North Western Avenue.
(47) KITE STRING CANTINA - 02019-5974

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1851 West Addison Street.
(47) SPRINGFIELD-ARGYLE, LLC - 02019-5978

To maintain arid use (1) canopies located at 3862 North Lincoln Avenue.
(47) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2223 - 02019-5981

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3350 North Lincoln Avenue.

57

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(1) LUNCHEONETTE - 02019-5891

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1543-1545 North Damen Avenue.

(1) FUNKENHAUSEN - 02019-5892

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1709 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) LA CALAVERA - 02019-5895

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1438 West Chicago Avenue.

(2) 25 DEGREES - 02019-5955

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 736 North Clark Street.

(2) COCOA C0. - 02019-5946

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1651 North Wells Street.

(2) WALTON STREET KITCHEN BAR - 02019-5952

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 912 North State Street.

(3) SHAWN CHURNED HOME MADE ICE CREAM INC. - 02019-5965

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 46 East 47th Street.

(4) BUDDY LEGENDS - 02019-5976

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 700 South Wabash Avenue.

(4) HYATT PLACE CHICAGO SOUTH - 02019-5984

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5225 South Harper Avenue.

(4) TACO BELL - 02019-5994

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 407 South Dearborn Street.

(4) THE SOUL SHACK - 02019-5989

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1368 East 53rd Street.

(4) VIRTUE - 02019-5998

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1460-1466 East 53rd Street.

58

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(5) PHILZ COFFEE - 02019-6005

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1425 East 53rd Street.

(16) TACO PLACE - 02019-6018

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2746 West 59th Street.

(16) SPUTNIK COFFEE COMPANY - 02019-6023

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2057 West 51 st Street.

(25) LA LUNA - 02019-6036

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1726 South Racine Avenue.

(26) - 02019-6045

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3301 West Armitage Avenue.

(27) FOXTROT MARKET - 02019-6049

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1562 North Wells Street.

(27) SWIFT SONS I COLD STORAGE - 02019-6055

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1000 West Fulton Market.

(29) BISTRO GRAND - 02019-6063

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2362-2364 North Neva Avenue.

(31) PAN ARTESANAL - 02019-6068

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3724 West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) CHAY FRATELLOS - 02019-6073

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2239-2241 North Western Avenue.

(32) LEFT COAST FOOD JUICE - 02019-6077

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2870-2878 North Lincoln Avenue.

(42) ASADITO TAQUERIAIWOK BAO - 02019-6103

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 540 West Madison Street.

59

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(42) BARTON - THE RESTURANT - 02019-6107

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 415 North Dearborn Street.

(42) - 02019-6116

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 66 East Wacker Drive.

(42) FANNIE MAY CONFECTIONS #152 - 02019-6124

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 343 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE CO. - 02019-6131

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 400 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) HOWL AT THE MOON - 02019-6139

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 26-30 West Hubbard Street.

(42) JOE THE JUICE EAST HURON - 02019-6149

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 8 East Huron Street.

(42) JOE THE JUICE ILLINOIS LLC - 02019-6156

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 10 East Delaware Place.

(42) LEONIDAS CAFE CHOCOLATERIE - 02019-6163

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 59 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) CUPCAKES RIVER EAST - 02019-6168

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 419 East Illinois Street.

(42) STANS DONUTS CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-6180

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 750 North Rush Street.

(42) TACO BELL #35850 - 02019-6183

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 22 East Chicago Avenue.

(42) THE SMITH - 02019-6177

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 400-406 North Clark Street.

60

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(42) THOMPSON CHICAGO HOTEL - 02019-6186

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 21 East Bellevue Place.

(43) TAVERN GRILLE - 02019-6198

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 950 West Webster Avenue.

(43) WHITE OAK TAVERN INN - 02019-6201

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1200-02 West Webster Avenue.

(44) CAPITAL ONE - CAFE - 02019-6253

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3435 North Southport Avenue.

(44) - 02019-6262

To maintain and use a portion of the public right?of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 3356-3358 North Sheffield Avenue.

(45) PUBLIC HOUSE - 02019-6278

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5901 West Lawrence Avenue.

(45) - 02019-6315

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5134 West Irving Park Road.

(46) LE NOCTURNE - 02019-6288

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 4810 North Broadway .

(48) BRYN MAWR - 02019-6332

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1039 West Mawr Avenue.

(48) HUARACHES DONA CHIO - 02019-6344

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1547 West Elmdale Avenue.

61

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(1) PUBLICAN ANKER - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6130

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Publican Anker on
04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99852 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions and seating capacity.

(1) WEST TOWN PIZZA SHOP - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6127

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for West Town Pizza
Shop on 04/19/2017, and printed upon page 47636 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting the words "West Town Pizza Shop" and inserting their place the word "Barbaro".
(4) INSITE REAL ESTATE, LLC - 02019-6642

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt INSITE REAL
ESTATE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 4644-4658 South Drexel Boulevard.

(4) JOHN GRUSZKA - 02019-6644

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt JOHN GRUSZKA
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 3759 South Lake Park Avenue.

(4) LMC 410 WABASH HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-6643

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt LMC 410 
WABASH HOLDINGS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 400?410 South Wabash Avenue.

(9) CURP MANAGMENT, LLC D.B.A. PIP MANAGMENT - 02019-5511

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt CURP
MANAGMENT, LLC D.B.A. PIP MANAGMENT from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 514-516 East 95th Street.

(23) ELITE HAIR CHANGERS SPA - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6133

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Elite Hair Changers
Spa on 04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99277 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting and inserting language regarding compensation amounts.

(23) ELITE HAIR CHANGERS SPA - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6147

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for ELITE HAIR
CHANGERS SPA on 04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99494 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting and inserting language regarding compensation amounts.

(27) 1404 MONROE OWNER, LLC - 02019-5779

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 1404 MONROE
OWNER, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 1404 West Monroe Street.

62

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(27) FULTON GALLEY - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6122

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Fulton Galley on
07/24/2019, and printed upon page 2089 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions and compensation amounts.

(27) RED TOP PARKING, INC. ACCOUNT NO. 85445 - 02019-5776

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RED TOP PARKING,
INC. ACCOUNT NO. 85445 from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1915-1927 West Washington Boulevard, 1933
West Washington Boulevard, 1939 West Washington Boulevard, 1943 1947 West Washington
Boulevard.

(28) POURIAN SOUDABEHIBAM AUTO HAUS, LLC - 02019-5637

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt POURIAN
SOUDABEHIBAM AUTO HAUS, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit
alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 151 North Cicero Avenue.

(28) RASHIEK AUTO BODY - 02019-5782

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RASHIEK
AUTO BODY from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 4107 West Lake Street.

(28) YUSHUMIC TRIPP AUTO SALES, LLC - 02019-5633

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt YUSHUMIC
TRIPP AUTO SALES, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to
prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 516 North Cicero Avenue.

(29) PASIN - 02019-6641

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate West Fullerton Avenue and West Grand Avenue, on the south side of the street,
from North Natchez Avenue to North Normandy Avenue as, "Antonio Pasin Way".

(30) SLEEPING VILLAGE - 02019-5471

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt SLEEPING VILLAGE
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 3734 West Belmont Avenue.

(31) AUTO WAREHOUSE - 02019-5386

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt AUTO
WAREHOUSE from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 2622 North Cicero Avenue.

(31) AV MAXX CORP - 02019-5387

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt AV MAXX CORP
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2857 North Cicero Avenue.

63

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(31) COZY CORNER - 02019-5388

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt COZY CORNER
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 4340-4348 West Diversey.

(31) FRONT LINE, LLC - 02019-5389

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt FRONT LINE, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 3041 North Cicero Avenue.

(32) FARM BAR LAKEVIEW - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6154

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Farm Bar Lakeview
on 06/12/2019, and printed upon page 1500 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting and inserting language regarding days and hours of operations.

(36) JOSEPH AUTO, INC. D.B.A. DRIVE TODAY - 02019-5769

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt JOSEPH
AUTO, INC. D.B.A. DRIVE TODAY from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 2036 North Cicero
Avenue.

(41) DISCOVERY MONTESSORI OF CHICAGO - 02019-5774

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt DISCOVERY
MONTESSORI OF CHICAGO from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 7225 West Touhy.

(42) CHICK-FIL-A LOYOLA WATER TOWER - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6115

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Chick-FiI-A Loyola
Water Tower on 06/22/2016, and printed upon page 26964 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions,and the number of awnings and
canopies.

(42) WELLS STREET MARKET - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6120

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Wells Street Market
on 04/10/2019, and printed upon page 99948 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting and inserting language regarding hours of operations, compensation amounts, seating capacity,
dimensions and location.

(44) BORDER DIVERSEY, LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-6152

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Border Diversey,
LLC on 12/14/2016, and printed upon page 40104 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended
by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions and compensation amounts.

64

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(44) AUTO, INC. - 02019-5565

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt AUTO, INC.
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2815 North Sheffield Avenue.

(48) DOUBLE BUBBLE - 02019-6744

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate the 600 blocks of North Broadway, from West Avenue to West Glenlake
Avenue as, "Honorary Double Bubble Way".

(48) MIKE KAPLANIKPLN HOLDINGS, LLC 6027 KENMORE SERIES - 02019-5636

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt MIKE
HOLDINGS, LLC 6027 KENMORE SERIES from the provisions requiring barriers as a
prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6027 North Kenmore
Avenue.

(48) THE VIETNAMESE ASSOCIATION OF ILLINOIS - 02019-5766

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt THE VIETNAMESE
ASSOCIATION OF ILLINOIS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5019 North Winthrop Avenue.

65

SUBDIVISION

WARD
(9) PULLMAN PARK - PHASE 6 SUBDIVISION - (SUBSTITUTE) - 302019-4123
A proposed subdivision bounded by East 106th Street, East 107th Street, South Doty Avenue/South
Woodlawn Avenue and railroad tracks to the west in the 9th Ward.
(10) ATWATER 106TH STREET SELF STORAGE, LLC - 02019-5739
A proposed subdivision bounded by East 105th Street. East 106th Street, South Avenue and South

Avenue in the 10th Ward.

66

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DEDICATIONS, OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS 0F
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

 

 

WARD

(9) NORTH PULLMAN 111TH INC. - 02019-5744

A proposed vacation of several dead-ended and unimproved streets East 107th Street West of South
Doty Avenue.

(14) GREATER CHICAGO FOOD DEPOSITORY - 02019-5742

A proposed vacation of South Keeler Avenue between West District Boulevard and West 40th Street.
(20) KIMBARK HOLDINGS, LLC, CENTRAL WOODLAWN LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-5736
A proposed dedication of the area bounded by East 62nd Street, South University Avenue, East 63rd
Street and South Greenwood Avenue.

(25) PIZZUTI BP, LLC - 02019-5745

A proposed vacation of South Aberdeen Street between West Van Buren Street and West Tilden Street.
(27) 14 NORTH BISHOP, LLC - 02019-5583

A proposed release of Industrial Program Restrictive Convenant on the area described as the remaining
public alley in the block bounded by West Washington Boulevard, North Bishop Street, North Ogden
Avenue and West Madison Avenue.

(28) CHICAGO HOUSING AUTHORITY - 02019-5721

A proposed vacation of remaining West Fifth Avenue between South Millard Avenue and South
Independence Boulevard.

(28) RUSH UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER - 02019-5728

A proposed vacation of several dead-ended public streets in the area bounded by South Laflin Street
bounded by West Congress Parkway, South Loomis Street, West Harrison Street and South Ashland
Avenue.

67

