IHIPC Steering Committee Meeting Minutes -Tuesday, September 3, 9-10 am
Present: J. Dispenza, J. Erdman, J. Nuss, L. Roeder, C. Tucker, S. Zamor, C. Crause, M. Maginn
Absent: M. Benner, S. Fletcher, N. Holmes, M. Williams
1. Roll call – See above list.
2. Review Any Outstanding “Actions Needed” from last Steering Committee meeting
“Look into identifying meeting rooms and determine if having a 3-day in-person IHIPC meeting in March is
a possibility.” -J. Nuss reported they’ve identified a location for a 2 ½ day IHIPC meeting in March 2020.
Tentatively, the meeting will be at MCLI March 16-18. The only unfortunate things about that schedule is
that Day 1 is a Monday and that on the last day we need to be cleared out of the room by 11:30. We try to
avoid scheduling meetings on Mondays and Fridays because some people (mostly IDPH staff) are on 4-day
work schedules and off those days. The Day 1 meeting would begin at 11:30 or 12 and go until 4:30-5. Day
2 would be an all-day meeting, probably 9 – 4:30. Day 3 would be 8:30-11:30. Day 3 would be the member
skills-building and leadership development sessions. We are waiting to hear back from the Dept. of
Agriculture (Ag) about the availability of their conference room in March. They won’t be able to let us know
that until October or November. If their space is available, we would have the meeting March 10-12, with
no restriction on the end time on Day 3.
Action taken: The group voiced concurrence with these plans for the March in-person meeting.
“Approval of October meeting agendas with changes agreed upon by Steering Committee.” -Done
3. Membership Issues
➢ Update on 2020 Membership Applications Received – accepting applications through Sept. 15 -Nine
applications have been received, including many from regions currently underrepresented on the group (1, 4,
6, and 7) and people representing our race/ethnicity and risk-affiliation membership gaps. We’re accepting
applications through Sept. 15. J. Nuss encouraged M. Maginn to reach out to Region 2 community
representatives that might be interested and able to take on the responsibilities of membership to apply.
➢ Committee participation reminders – Emails were sent to members who had missed 3 or more assigned
committee meetings, reminding them of membership requirements regarding participation on committee
calls. We corrected an error in one person’s attendance which brought that person into compliance. The
others all responded that they appreciated the reminder and intend to participate in future meetings.
➢ Review August IHIPC Meeting survey results -The committee reviewed the survey results that were overall
very positive, even though there were fewer surveys submitted this time. In reviewing the comments, that
were mostly positive, J. Dispenza clarified that she had submitted the comment suggesting more time for
presenters. What she really meant was to have fewer slides in the presentations so that the speakers didn’t
rush through them, making it difficult for some to follow. It was noted that the co-chairs asked participants
on the webinar multiple times if there were questions or comments. J. Nuss said that we need to encourage
people to raise their hand and speak their comments/questions instead of typing them, which takes longer.
J. Nuss said she will remind people of that in the future and encourage people who feel they have to type in
their question to at least send a message to the webinar organizer that they’re typing so the co-chairs know
to wait longer.
1

 4. Brief Updates from IHPC Coordinator/Co-chairs
➢ Update: Illinois Action Plan objectives
▪ Continuum of Care Disparities Root Cause Analysis Project
o Next Steps – A summary of the prioritized recommendations from this Project was presented at the
August IHIPC meeting. The IHIPC is well on its way to completing several of its recommended
activities. J. Nuss has provided these recommendations to the HIV Section administrators and asked
each Program to review them and see if there are any they are already doing, planning to do, or able to
take on in 2020. Some may be deliverables that can be passed on to grantees in their next competitive
RFAs. Any new tasks/activities should be included in the 2019 Integrated Plan Progress Report/Update
for 2020, which will be presented to the IHIPC at its December meeting.
Action needed: J. Nuss asked the committee co-chairs that when they work with their respective
committees to review their current objectives and make recommendations for any new ones for 2020,
they look at and consider taking on one of the recommendations from the Health Disparities Project. If
committees don’t find time to do this at their upcoming meetings, they should plan to do this at the
committee breakouts during the October in-person meeting.
Action needed: J. Nuss will be responsible for following up with the HIV Section administrators and
reporting back to the IHIPC on the status of these recommendations.
▪ Undoing Racism Workshops -Update – Despite numerous follow ups with invitees both by J. Nuss and
respective grant monitors, there are still a few empty slots in each of the workshops scheduled for
Peoria, Joliet, and Belleville. If anyone knows of someone from their agency or funded providers who
would want to attend, please let J. Nuss know so she can forward them the information/registration
link. The workshop last week was well-received with many positive comments about the workshop as
well as the trainers. C. Crause was at the workshop and reiterated that. She said that although it was a
difficult topic, it was a great opportunity for learning about its history, for discussion, and provoked a lot
of thought on the scope of the issue. Participants realized that if we aren’t actively doing something
within our communities and agencies to address the problem, we are contributing to its continued
existence. She said that participants want to be able to continue to process and the discussion within
their workshop groups. J. Nuss said that we will be discussing how to do that with MATEC after the
workshops have all ended.
▪ Enhance engagement/leadership skills of IHIPC members, client reps and reps from high-risk pops.
o Risk-targeted focus groups update
▪ September 19 - Region 4: Black women
o Plans for 2020
▪ National conferences
❖ N. Holmes- Natl. AAMSM of Leadership Conference on Health Disparities Jan 16-19, 2020
▪ Leadership development day added to March 2020 IHIPC meeting
J. Nuss relayed the above information.
Action needed: Members were asked to let J. Nuss know of upcoming national conferences
happening Nov 2019-March 2020 relevant to HIV to which we might consider sending a
member of IHIPC leadership. We have funding in our MATEC grant to send a member.
➢ Upcoming Regional Community Engagement Meetings
▪ September 4 – Region 8 (Park Forest)
▪ October 15 -Region 2 (Peoria)
▪ September 17 – Region 5 (Carbondale)
▪ November 14 -Region 6 (Champaign)
▪ October 8 – Region 1 (Rockford)
These have gone very well with 3 regions having completed theirs so far. Attendance has been good; there’s
been good discussion; and attendees have felt the meetings and needs assessment activity were beneficial to
future planning.
➢ GTZ Implementation Council Updates (M. Benner)
2

 M. Benner, our representative on this council was not on the call. M. Maginn reported that the first meeting
of this group has been scheduled for the 3rd Thursday in September.
5. Committee Reports and Actions Needed – (Provided by Committee or IHIPC Coordinator/Co-chairs)
➢ LTC, RRC, ART, & VS Committee -The next joint call with the Primary Prevention Committee is next
week. The meetings of the three adhoc workgroups (Care Compendium, Gender Terminology, and
Structural Interventions) are proceeding well.
➢ Primary Prevention Committee – sane report as per LRAV Committee
➢ Epi/NA Committee – The committee will be looking to bring on a new co-chair at its next meeting since
N. Holmes will soon be transitioning into the Co-chair position.
➢ Membership Committee The committee will be looking at the new member applications received and will
present its recommendations to the IHIPC at the October meeting. The committee is also working on
making some proposed changes in the bylaws and procedures.
J. Nuss asked the LRAV and Primary Prevention Committees how the scheduling of their meetings was
going since they have had so many joint meetings this year. Even though attendance has been good
overall, she wondered if people were finding it difficult to adjust their schedules to participate in meetings
at a different time then their regularly scheduled meetings. The co-chairs of both committees felt it was
going fine and didn’t see there was a problem. C. Crause suggested we think about giving committee
members credit for attending a workgroup meeting if they have missed their assigned committee meeting
that month. J. Nuss said that this would be more difficult to track and organize on our end for several
reasons. We struggle with getting agendas and minutes from some committees for posting on our website
within the timelines required by OMA. That would be compounded if we now need to do the same for
worksgroups. If we were to give members “attendance credit” for workshops, we would also need to
collect and post formal agendas, minutes, and attendance rosters. We currently don’t require that of our
worksgroups that are considered adhoc in nature. Note: Also, if members know they can skip an assigned
committee call because they are getting credit for a workgroup meeting, members might stop
participating in those calls and our quorums needed to conduct business could be impacted.
J. Nuss asked if they still felt it was a good idea to continue to have the 2 separate groups, even though it
seems that a lot of the work they are doing is integrated. With 3 workgroups, she voiced concern that the
LRAV Committee might be feeling overwhelmed. S. Zamor and J. Erdman both stated that they were
doing fine. The workgroups are led by others, which takes some of the workload off of the co-chairs.
There was discussion that the groups are better together than separated because the work is fairly
integrated. At the same time, each felt there was a need to maintain a focus on their respective areas
(primary prevention for negatives and prevention and care for positives). There was discussion that if the
committees were combined, could we still maintain our 4 co-chairs?
Action needed: This is just preliminary discussion at this point – thinking ahead for 2020. Any thoughts
on this are appreciated. J. Nuss asked the Membership Committee to discuss pros and cons about this at
its upcoming meeting, time permitting.
Adjourn

3

 