IHIPC Joint Sub-Committee Meeting
Primary Prevention &
Linkage to Care, Retention and Reengagement in Care, ART, and Viral Suppression
Sub- Committees
Tuesday, September 10, 2019 Meeting Agenda
11am-12pm
•

Welcome and Roll Call (including pronouns used)
PP Present: C. Crause, J. Dispenza, J. Nuss, L. Choat, M. Andrews-Conrad, C. Tucker, S. Hyzer, T.
Paesani
PP Absent: J. Burns, C. Hicks, W. Bradley, L. Guzman, R. Johnson , K. Ramirez-Mercado,
LRAV Present: S. Zamor, J. Erdman, M. Benner, C. Hendry, D. Hunt, C. Laskowski, L. Mayhew, K.
Cleveland, J. Koechle, J. Moore
LRAV Absent: L. Meyer, M. Williamson, K. Lewis, B. Olayanju, S. Rehrig
Others on call: W. Johnson, M. Hungerford

• Care Compendium document and training
J. Erdman explained that the Care Compendium is a compliment to the Interventions & Services
Guidance (I&S). B. Olayanju has been working on this document with Care lead agents and case
managers, and it contains best practices in LTC, Retention and Engagement in Care, and Viral
Suppression. A draft is being reviewed by the Care Compendium Workgroup and will be emailed to
all. At the last workgroup call, it was decided there was a need to add a little more context. The
decision was made to postpone the related webinar training until after the IHIPC October in-person
meeting. The next workgroup call is 9/27/19 from 2p-3p.
Action Item: The latest Care Compendium version will be emailed to the PP and LRAV committees.
• Structural Interventions Workgroup Update
J. Erdman explained that this workgroup came out of the June IHIPC in-person meeting as a
suggestion for adding Structural Interventions to the I&S Guidance. This group has met several
times. C. Crause and J. Erdman did the first draft of the language, and it was sent to the PP and LRAV
committees for review on the call. It was recommended that this component be added at the
beginning portion of the I&S Guidance (see draft for details). The language in the draft is based on
CDC information/ definitions and is complimented by the Getting to Zero (GTZ) Principles. C. Tucker
thought this was great as it ties the I&S Guidance to GTZ and can also be used to create projects. S.
Hyzer suggested repeating in the I&S Guidance that this is CDC language and not necessarily
interventions that are funded by IDPH. J. Erdman suggested that language could be added to explain
how structural interventions can be supported through IDPH funding. S. Hyzer will talk to C. Hicks
about this addition.

 • Gender Terminology Workgroup Update
C. Crause reported that the Workgroup’s last meeting was held at end of August. The workgroup
discussed how to collect and report gender data so that clients are allowed to self-disclose gender
identity while also collecting appropriate information to put in PROVIDE or other databases. J.
Dispenza recommended also letting clients pick a more governmental option (i.e. clients can pick
which gender best describes them if there are federal restrictions to data reporting). S. Hyzer stated
the CDC variables will be changing in PROVIDE and on paperwork: Prevention will be adding
“Transgender-unspecified” and “Other” with a fillable text box to their forms. There was discussion
about using “Self-Identified Gender” instead of “Other” since that term can be stigmatizing, and
then behind the scenes, training staff categorize clients identifying as “Other” into the gender
categories that CDC uses. W. Johnson asked about having a standard testing form that could shared
for use. S. Hyzer stated that IDPH has a standard form, but that some agencies have gotten approval
to alter the form. W. Johnson would like people to share the forms they use so a standard is known.
C. Crause stated that this workgroup should continue for a while since a lot of work is happening.
The next call is 9/13/19 from 2p-3p. In addition to discussing the gender data collection processes
described above, the workgroup will also be preparing for the gender language training that will be
conducted at the October IHIPC in-person meeting.
• 2020 Meeting Plans
J. Erdman noted that these 2 committees have met jointly for a while. Two questions were
discussed: 1) Should these committees always meet jointly, or should they remain separate
committees with occasional joint meetings? and 2) Should the workgroups continue to meet and, if
so, for how long? Also, would these workgroups count toward or against IHIPC required
attendances?
1) J. Nuss stated that meeting jointly has been difficult for some members because the monthly
meeting times have not been consistent. A suggestion was made that a monthly meeting time
for joint calls could be established, and if the committees needed to split up at points, a second
conference call line could be established so there would not have to change the time of the
larger meeting. J. Erdman stated that the 2 committees are doing very similar work. M.
Andrews-Conrad suggested the 2 committees could delve into our objectives to see how they
align. W. Johnson stated that linking the 2 committees helped with diversity of opinions and
more can get accomplished regarding GTZ.
2) J. Nuss stated that getting attendance credit for the workgroups/ad hoc groups would be
difficult to track and could unintentionally hurt the larger committees as a quorum is needed at
committee meetings. S. Zamor agreed that workgroups are extra and would not count for or
against anyone regarding IHIPC attendance. C. Crause said that the workgroups have helped
with leadership development since new people have taken on leading the calls/work. C. Hendry
likes the workgroups and that the people on them are very passionate about the subjects.

 •

Announcements/Adjourn

Action Item: A Doodle will be sent out to try to find a time that is agreeable to all a joint October
committee meeting.
It was noted that Doodles can sometimes be difficult to fill out accurately because unscheduled
meetings come up, especially if the conflict is a grantee call. It was suggested that all Prevention grant
monitors work to create a calendar of ongoing grant calls to make this process easier.
Action Item: J. Moore will collaborate with grant monitors for this request.

 