

HUN IO 

SUMMARY OF REPORTS

COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND PUBLIC WAY
Committee Meeting Held on October 10, 2019

SUBMITTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL October 16, 2019

MAYORAL

WARD

AMENDMENT OF MUNICIPAL CODE CHAPTERS 10-8 AND 10-40 - 02019-6912
Amendment of Municipal Code Chapters 10-8 and 10-40 regarding harbor operations and permits

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) 2315 W. HURON, LLC - 02019-7287

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) balcony(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2315 West Huron Street.

(1) CHICAGO AVENUE SALON, LTD. - 02019-7244

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1941
West Chicago Avenue.

(1) FIRESIDE BOWL, INC. - 02019-7865

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2646
West Fullerton Avenue.

(1) FRUTERIA SAN JOSE - 02019-7246

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1748 West Chicago Avenue.

(1) JM BEE, LLC FLOWER BOX - 02019-7248

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2456 North California Avenue.

(1) MIRAI SUSHI - 02019-7252

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2020 West Division Street.

(1) NEIGHBORSPACE - 02019-7254

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1255 North Hermitage Avenue.

(1) S3 HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-7262

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 608?610 North Ada Street.

(1) $3 HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-7264

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stair case on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 608-610 North Ada Street.

(1) 33 HOLDINGS, LLC - 02019-7265

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) trash containers on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 608-610 North Ada Street.

(1) THE STORE - 02019-7251

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1552
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) THE NOBLE GRAPE - 02019-7256

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 802
North Bishop Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(1) THE WHALE CHICAGO - 02019-7269

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty one (21) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2427-2431 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) THE WHALE CHICAGO - 02019-7271

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
2427-2431 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(1) TORTELLO - 02019-7267

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1746
West Division Street.

(1) WPA3, LLC - 02019-7281

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 649-651 North Wolcott Avenue.

(1) WPA3, LLC - 02019-7284

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stair case on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 649-651 North Wolcott Avenue.

(2) AMARU - 02019-7292

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1904
West North Avenue.

(2) BANK OF AMERICA - 02019-7294

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 230
West North Avenue.

(2) CHOPIN THEATRE, INC. - 02019-7169

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1541-1543 West Division Street.

(2) CHOPIN THEATRE, INC. - 02019-7232

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1541-1543 West Division Street.

(2) CLARK STREET ALE HOUSE - 02019-7234

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
742 North Clark Street.

(2) DISTILLED CHICAGO - 02019-7235

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) flag poles projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1480 West Webster Avenue.

(2) DISTILLED CHICAGO - 02019-7298

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1480
West Webster Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) EYECONIC - 02019-7300

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1647
North Damen Avenue.

(2) FFC-OLD TOWN - 02019-7303

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1235 North LaSalle Drive.

(2) FIFTH THIRD BANK - 02019-7302

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 837 West North Avenue.

(2) FINGERS AND TOES STUDIO - 02019-7112

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 54 West Maple Street.

(2) G0 GROCER #1 - 02019-7866

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2060
West North Avenue.

(2) GRAND APPLIANCE - 02019-7115

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1300 West North Avenue.

(2) GRAND APPLIANCE COMPANY - 02019-7118

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1300 West North Avenue.

(2) HOMESERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC - 02019-7867

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1800
North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) INSIGHT STUDIOS - 02019-7305

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1062
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) INSOMNIA COOKIES - 02019-7120

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1344 North Wells Street.

(2) JUST FOOD FOR DOGS, LLC - 02019-7308

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1983
North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) LULULEMON USA, INC. - 02019-7312

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 938-
944 West North Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(2) MATT CERNEY - 02019-7314

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2112 West Le Moyne Street.

(2) NORTHSIDE BAR GRILL - 02019-7121

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1635-1637 North Damen Avenue.

(2) PRESENCE ST. MARY OF NAZARETH HOSPITAL - 02019-7315

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2233
West Division Street.

(2) REVERIE NAILS SPA OF CHICAGO - 02019-7122

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2204 North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) ROOTS HANDMADE PIZZA-SECOND CITYI UTOPIAN TAILGATE - 02019-7125

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1610 North Wells Street.

(2) ROOTS HANDMADE PIZZA-SECOND CITYI UTOPIAN TAILGATE - 02019-7318

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1610
North Wells Street.

(2) ROSEBUD STEAKHOUSE - 02019-7138

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 192 East Walton Street.

(2) THE LOCK UP STORAGE CENTERS - 02019-7310

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1930
North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) THE WESTIN MICHIGAN AVENUE - 02019-7324

To construct, install, maintain and use eleven (11) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 909 North Michigan Avenue.

(2) BARBERSHOP - 02019-7321

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1632
North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) WALTER E. SMITHE, INC. - 02019-7139

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2009 North Clybourn Avenue.

(2) WHOLEHEALTH CHICAGO 3 02019-7325

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2265 North Clybourn Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(3) CERMAK WABASH CURRENCY EXCHANGE - 02019-7336

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 57
East Cermak Road.

(3) DAMEN 4 MANAGEMENT OF ILLINOIS, LLC - 02019-7868

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1335
South Michigan Avenue.

(3) DAYSTAR EDUCATION ASSOCIATION, INC. - 02019-7142

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1550 South State Street.

(3) DYNAPROP STATE STREET, LLC - 02019-7338

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1900
South State Street.

(3) PAYLESS CAR WASH, INC. - 02019-7143

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1701 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-7340

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2310 South State Street.

(3) SOUTHBRIDGE 4 MASTER OWNER, LLC - 02019-7343

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Siamese connections projecting over the public right-
of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2350 South State Street.

(3) WING LUNG METAL WORKS - 02019-7345

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4310
South Shields Avenue.

(4) COMMONWEALTH EDISON - 02019-7354

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) bollard(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 743 East 50th Place.

(4) COMMONWEALTH EDISON - 02019-7357

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for a card reader on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 743 East 50th Place.

(4) EAST-WEST UNIVERSITY - 02019-7358

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 829 South Wabash Avenue.

(4) FAMILY DOLLAR #6083 - 02019-7364

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) sliding security gate projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 4425 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(4) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-7366

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1440 East 52nd Street.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7372

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4254 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7374

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4291 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7375

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4304 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7376

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4314 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7378

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4425 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7380

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4506 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7382

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4507 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7383

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4654 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7385

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4848 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7386

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4900 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(4) QUAD COMMUNITIES DEVELOPMENT CORP. - 02019-7388

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right?of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4901 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(4) TACO MADRE - 02019-7145

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 823 South State Street.

(5) 5704 BUILDING, LLC - 02019-7423

To maintain and use, as now constructed, thirteen (13) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 5700-5704 South Harper Avenue.

(5) CAPITAL ONE CAFE - 02019-7392

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1465
East 53rd Street.

(5) PIZZA - 02019-7394

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) grease trap under the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 5311 South Blackstone Avenue.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-7400

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5355-5361 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-7403

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5401-5409 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-7408

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 5201?5209 South Greenwood Avenue.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-7415

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1515 East 54th Street.

(5) MAC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC - 02019-7418

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) landscape fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 5454 South Shore Drive.

(5) WALGREENS #10350 - 02019-7421

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7109 South Jeffery Boulevard.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7440

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 215 East 75th Street.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7442

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 457 East 75th Street.

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7443

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 511 East 75th Street.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7445

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 555 East 75th Street.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7446

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 647 East 75th Street.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7448

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 700 East 79th Street.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7450

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right?of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 8686 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7452

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 302 East 75th Street.

(6) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7454

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 792 East 75th Street.

(6) FAMILY DOLLAR #3895 - 02019-7457

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6611
South Halsted Street.

(6) QUALITY CARWASH - 02019-7459

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 644
East 87th Street.

(6) SPIRITS BEVERAGE CENTER - 02019-7149

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 7400 South Halsted Street.

(6) THE INN - 02019-7458

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 409
East 71 st Street.

(6) URBAN BEAUTIQUE - 02019-7460

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 7722
South Cottage Grove Avenue.

10

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(8) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7464

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 8539 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(8) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7468

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 8201 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(8) CBA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, INC. - 02019-7473

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 9019 South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(8) HAPPY FOOD-LIQUOR - 02019-7152

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7901
South Cottage Grove Avenue.

(8) PILL HILL DEVELOPMENT CENTER - 02019-7870

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 8802
South Stony Island Avenue.

(8) THE STRAW HOG - 02019-7157

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1652
East 79th Street.

(9) AP. DELI RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. - 02019-7871

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10758
South Michigan Avenue.

(9) FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-7480

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) fire shutters projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 146 West 103rd Street.

(9) WEST SHORE PIPE LINES COMPANY (SUCCESSOR IN INTEREST TO BADGER PIPE LINE
COMPANY) - 02019-7485

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) pipe line under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 13000 South Indiana Avenue.

(10) JOVIAL CLUB - 02019-7486

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
9615 South Commericial Avenue.

(10) PLANETA MUSICAL - 02019-7488

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3653
East 106th Street.

(11) 2500 THROOP, LLC - 02019-7511

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2500 South Throop Street.

11

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(11) ALLAN NICHOLS 02019-7493

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) steps on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3156 South Aberdeen Street.

(11) DISCOUNT FURNITURE - 02019-7872

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 639
West Roosevelt Road.

(11) GFP ALLIANCE CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-7494

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 815 West Pershing Road.

(11) GLAZIER PROJECT, LLC - BRIDGEPORT - 02019-7495

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swing on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3100-3108 South Halsted Street.

(11) CAFE AND BAKERY - 02019-7161

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1733 South Halsted Street.

(11) RIVERBEND REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7500

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for a staircase on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2836 South Lock Street.

(11) RIVERBEND REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7501

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for a staircase on the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2842 South Lock Street.

(11) RIVERBEND REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7504

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stainNay on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2836 South Lock Street.

(11) RIVERBEND REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7505

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stairway on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2842 South Lock Street.

(11) THE POLO INN BRIDGEPORT USA - 02019-7496

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3322
South Morgan Street.

(11) UNIVERSITY COMMONS IV CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-7508

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) landscapings on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1111-1151 West 15th Street.

(11) UNIVERSITY COMMONS lV CONDO ASSOCIATION - 02019-7510

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) landscapings on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1111-1151 West 14th Place.

12

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(12) 3500 ARCHER, LLC - 02019-7509

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) balcony(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3500 South Archer Avenue.

(12) LA CENTRAL BAKERY - 02019-7164

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2702 West Cermak Road.

(12) PAPA PIZZA RESTAURANT - 02019-7170

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2001 West 35th Street.

(12) STATE SENATOR ANTONIO MUNOZ - 02019-7171

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1836 West 35th Street.

(14) CHICAGO CAR CENTER - 02019-7876

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4637-
4647 South Kedzie Avenue.

(14) LIQUOR DEPOT - 02019-7874

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5114
South Knox Avenue.

(14) LIQUORAMA - 02019-7873

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4430
South Kedzie Avenue.

(14) ROKAITIS INDUSTRIES, INC. - 02019-7875

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4546
South Archer Avenue.

(15) BACK OF THE YARDS NEIGHBORHOOD COUNCIL - 02019-7513

To construct, install, maintain and use four (4) fence(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises
known as 1751 West 47th Street.

(15) BOOST MOBILE - 02019-7515

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4195
South Archer Avenue.

(15) FAMILY DOLLAR #7057 - 02019-7519

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1615 West 59th Street.

(15) FAMILY DOLLAR #7057 - 02019-7520

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) sliding security gates on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1615 West 59th Street.

13

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(15) SUPERMERCADO EL RANCHITO - 02019-7176

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2414 West 47th Street.

(15) SUPERMERCADO EL RANCHITO - 02019-7525

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2414-
2416 West 47th Street.

(16) CHICAGO CHARTER SCHOOL FOUNDATION - 02019-7517

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bridge projecting over the public right-of-way adjacent
to its premises known as 1816 West Garfield Boulevard.

(16) G.D.T PROPERTIES - 02019-7526

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2900
West 63rd Street.

(16) I FOOD LIQUOR - 02019-7528

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) fire shutters projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1025 West 63rd Street.

(16) LAS CARNITAS URUAPAN - 02019-7796

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as
2813-2815 West 55th Street.

(16) MARQUETTE FRAME WHEEL, INC. - 02019-7530

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2348
West 59th Street.

(16) METRO BY T-MOBILE - 02019-7877

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2801
West 55th Street.

(16) AUTO REPAIR - 02019-7177

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2300 West 59th Street.

(16) TV VIDEO REPAIR - 02019-7179

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2856 West 63rd Street.

(17) DOLLAR GENERAL #20597 - 02019-7532

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7443
South Racine Avenue.

(17) FAMILY DOLLAR STORE #6944 - 02019-7535

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2610 West 71st Street.

14

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(17) ESQUIRE CLEANERS - 02019-7537

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6825
South Western Avenue.

(17) SMART FROM THE START, LLC - 02019-7187

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1939 West 79th Street.

(17) SMART FROM THE START, LLC - 02019-7539

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1935-
1939 West 79th Street.

(19) 95TH STREET BEVERLY HILLS BUSINESS ASSOCIATION - 02019-7565

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1751 West 95th Street.

(19) 95TH STREET BEVERLY HILLS BUSINESS ASSOCIATION - 02019-7568

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) landscaping on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2321 West 95th Street.

(19) A RELAXED YOU, INC. - 02019-7550

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 11121
South Kedzie Avenue.

(19) BEVERLY WOODS RESTAURANT - 02019-7191

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 11532 South Western Avenue.

(19) BEVERLY WOODS RESTAURANT - 02019-7553

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 11532
South Western Avenue.

(19) PIZZA - 02019-7554

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 10121
South Western Avenue.

(19) EDWARDO GARZA - 02019-7556

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 8860 South Hamilton Avenue.

(19) OFFICE - 02019-7193

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 11064 South Western Avenue.

(19) THE PLUG T-SHIRT STORE - 02019-7560

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3652
West 111th Street.

15

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(19) WELLNOW URGENT CARE, P.C. - 02019-7194

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2353 West 95th Street.

(19) WELLNOW URGENT CARE, P.C. - 02019-7562

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2353
West 95th Street.

(20) JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, NA - 02019-7878

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4809
South Ashland Avenue.

(20) WOODLAWN ANIMAL HOSPITAL - 02019-7196

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6523 South Dr Martin Luther King Jr Drive.

(21) HOLY TRINITY PENTECOSTAL CHURCH - 02019-7200

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 9215 South Ashland Avenue.

(21) LIQUOURS - 02019-7514

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
1554 West 95th Street.

(21) OAKDALE COVENANT CHURCH ACADEMY AND CHILD CARE CENTER - 02019-7518

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (diagonal parking) on the public
right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 9440 South Vincennes Avenue.

(22) ELVIS BEAUTY SALON AND SPA, LLC - 02019-7879

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4210
West 26th Street.

(22) HOME RUN INN PIZZERIA - 02019-7521

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4254
West 31 st Street.

(22) LA ESTRELLA - 02019-7516

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3835
West 26th Street.

(24) MAACO COLLISION CENTER - 02019-7522

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4722
West Harrison Street.

(25) AMADOR LIQUORS - 02019-7204

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1167 West 18th Street.

16

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(25) ANIMAL ADVOCATE PET HOSPITAL - 02019-7880

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1061
West Jackson Boulevard.

(25) BANANA GLADES LLC124 S. MORGAN - 02019-7529

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) door swings on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 24 South Morgan Street.

(25) BOARD OF TRUSTEE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS - 02019-7531

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) bollard(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 940 West Harrison Street.

(25) FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE POLK DIALYSIS - 02019-7546

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 557
West Polk Street.

(25) FURIOUS SPOON - 02019-7205

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1316 West 18th Street.

(25) FURIOUS SPOON - 02019-7555

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1316
West 18th Street.

(25) HAYMARKET APARTMENTS JOINT VENTURE LP - 02019-7566

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 939
West Washington Boulevard.

(25) HAYMARKET APARTMENTS JOINT VENTURE LP - 02019-7569

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 20
North Sangamon Street.

(25) LA FONTANELLA - 02019-7206

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2414 South Oakley Avenue.

(25) LIFE CHANGERS INTERNATIONAL CHURCH - 02019-7570

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1337 West 15th Street.

(25) ROOSEVELT COLLECTION SHOPS - 02019-7572

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) planter(s) on the public right?of?way for
beautification purposes adjacent to its premises known as 150 West Roosevelt Road.

(25) ROSALINA PENA - 02019-7574

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space (garage) on the public right-of?
way adjacent to its premises known as 1719 South Morgan Street.

17

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(25) JOELS FAMILY RESTAURANT - 02019-7207

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1928 West Cermak Road.

(25) THE TREADING SALON - 02019-7209

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1109 West Taylor Street.

(25) TUTTO ITALIANO - 02019-7210

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 501 South Wells Street.

(25) VERNON PARK TAP - 02019-7575

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) stair case projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1073 West Vernon Park Place.

(26) FAMILY DOLLAR #7726 - 02019-7881

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3217
West North Avenue.

(26) FRESCO PASTA - 02019-7883

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3706
West Armitage Avenue.

(26) LA BOMBA RESTAURANT - 02019-7524

To maintain and use, as now constrUcted, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3221 West Armitage Avenue.

(26) LOGAN SQUARE DENTAL GROUP - 02019-7527

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2649
West Division Street.

(26) RESTAURANT POZOLERIA SAN JUAN - 02019-7534

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1523
North Pulaski Road.

(26) STELLAR WIRELESS RETAIL LLC DBA METROPCS - 02019-7882

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2735
West Division Street.

(26) FOOD LIQUOR INC. - 02019-7544

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space for parking on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 2600 West Chicago Avenue.

(26) WEST TOWN COMMUNITY LAW OFFICE - 02019-7213

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2502 West Division Street.

18

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) 320 N. SANGAMON OWNER, L.L.C. - 02019-7646

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 320 North Sangamon Street. 

(27) 730 RANDOLPH, LLC - 02019-7649

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) manhole on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 732 West Randolph Street.

(27) PROPERTIES - 02019-7613

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1023
West Fulton Market.

(27) ABERDEEN OWNER, LLC - 02019-7614

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) tree grates on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 740 North Aberdeen Street.

(27) ADM MILLING COMPANY - 02019-7616

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) switch track on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1300 West Carroll Avenue.

(27) ATHENA RESTAURANT - 02019-7214

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 212 South Halsted Street.

(27) CHICAGO TRIBUNE COMPANY - 02019-7618

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) occupation of spaces used for parking, storage, 
staging of their newspapers manufacturing on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as
777 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) GAIJIN JAPANESE RESTAURANT - 02019-7620

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 952
West Lake Street.

(27) HASHBROWNS 0N WELLS - 02019-7216

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1149-1155 North Wells Street.

(27) LLC - 02019-7217

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 908 West Randolph Street.

(27) IMPORTS - 02019-7218

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 813 West Fulton Market.

(27) JORDAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. - 02019-7884

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3715
West Grand Avenue.

19

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(27) JORDAN AUTOMOTIVE, INC. - 02019-7885

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3689-
3691 West Grand Avenue.

(27) JORDAN MOZER ASSOCIATES, LIMITED - 02019-7622

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 320 North Laflin Street.

(27) JORDAN MOZER ASSOCIATES, LIMITED - 02019-7624

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
320 North Laflin Street.

(27) JORDAN MOZER ASSOCIATES, LIMITED - 02019-7626

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) sculpture on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 320 North Laflin Street.

(27) MHUB - 02019-7628

To construct, install, maintain and use thirteen (13) banner(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 965 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) PARTIS, LLC - 02019-7630

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 1429 West Chicago Avenue.

(27) PEORIA GREEN OWNER, LLC - 02019-7631

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) water main under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 215 North Peoria Street.

(27) MOVING STORAGE - 02019-7634

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 410 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(27) PRAIRIE MATERIAL - 02019-7635

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) occupation of space used for storage of vehicles and
other personal property underneath the roadway overpass for the bridge over the Chicago River on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 835 North Peoria Street.

(27) RICCARDO OSTERIA - 02019-7637

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) ramp with step on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1023 West Lake Street.

(27) SCOTT WALTENBURG - 02019-7638

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) stair cases on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1530 North Throop Street.

(27) THE NOOK DAYCARE UNITED, LLC - 02019-7886

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2000-
2006 West Warren Boulevard.

20

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(27) UECKER GLADES, LLC - 02019-7640

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire escape projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 815 West Randolph Street.

(27) UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS MEDICAL CENTER AT CHICAGO - 02019-7639

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) pedestrian bridge projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1740 West Taylor Street.

(27) VEGGIE GRILL - 02019-7641

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 911
West Randolph Street.

(27) VIEW CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-7642

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 668-670 West Hubbard Street.

(27) ZS DEV PEORIA GREEN, LLC - 02019-7644

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) balconies projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 128 South Green Street.

(28) 7 FOOD AND LIQUOR - 02019-7538

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
3034 West Roosevelt Road.

(28) PERSONAL LIQUORS - 02019-7533

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) fire shutters projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4241 West Madison Street.

(28) PERSONAL LIQUORS - 02019-7536

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
4241 West Madison Street.

(28) POMPEI BAKERY - 02019-7219 

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1531 West Taylor Street.

(28) TAYLOR WINE AND SPIRITS - 02019-7887

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1455
West Taylor Street.

(29) ADVANCED DEMATOLOGY CENTER S.C. - 02019-7540

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2735 North Harlem Avenue.

(29) AUSTIN DOLLAR PLUS 02019-7888

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5961
West Chicago Avenue.

21

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(29) BRAXTON STUDIO FURNITURE OUTLET - 02019-7889

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1913-
1915 North Harlem Avenue.

(29) EPIC - 02019-7541

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 330
North Central Avenue.

(29) FAMILY DOLLAR #5002 - 02019-7542

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fire shutter projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 100 South Laramie Avenue.

(29) KEYSTONE PRINTING CHICAGO, INC. - 02019-7545

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2451
North Harlem Avenue.

(30) SPORTS BAR - 02019-7221

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5650 West Diversey Avenue.

(30) - 02019-7571

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 4038
West Belmont Avenue.

(30) NEW POLONIA CLUB, INC. - 02019-7222

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6101-6103 West Belmont Avenue.

(30) SAZON CUBANO, INC. - 02019-7223

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5422 West Fullerton Avenue.

(30) STAROPOLSKA RESTAURANT - 02019-7579

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3028-3030 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(30) STATE FARM INSURANCE - 02019-7890

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5840
West Fullerton Avenue.

(31) AASJM, INC. - 02019-7547

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5400
West Diversey Avenue.

(31) ALEXIAS FRESH MARKET - 02019-7227

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4459 West Diversey Avenue.

22

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(31) CHOP SUEY KING - 02019-7548

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3135
North Cicero Avenue.

(31) EUROPEAN FOOT ANKLE CLINIC - 02019-7229

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5501 West Belmont Avenue.

(31) LARAMIE BAKERY DELI - 02019-7549

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3012?
3014 North Laramie Avenue.

(31) PARAISO FLOWERS - 02019-7231

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4211 West Fullerton Avenue.

(31) MODERN BEAUTY SALON, LLC - 02019-7552

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2816
North Laramie Avenue.

(31) UNISEX BEAUTY SALON - 02019-7233

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3704 West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) 1524 FULLERTON, LLC - 02019-7581

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bay window projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1524 West Fullerton Avenue.

(32) 2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02019-7582

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) cornices projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2480 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) 2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02019-7585

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) cornice projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 2522 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(32) PROPERTIES - 02019-7557

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1875
North Damen Avenue.

(32) BEAT KITCHEN - 02019-7559

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eleven (11) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 2100 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) CAR CARE SPEACIALISTS - 02019-7241

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its?premises known as 2909 North Lincoln Avenue.

23

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) COMPASS ILLINOIS, INC. - 02019-7242

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2044 West Roscoe Street.

(32) CRIO RESTAURANT - 02019-7561

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2506-
2508 North Clybourn Avenue.

(32) ESTRELLA NEGRA - 02019-7245

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2346 West Armitage Avenue.

(32) ESTRELLA NEGRA - 02019-7563

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2346
West Armitage Avenue.

(32) FAST HAND CAR WASH AND DETAIL CENTER - 02019-7249

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1828 West Webster Avenue.

(32) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (LINCOLN AND WELLINGTON) - 02019-7272

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2968 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) LAS TABLAS ON LINCOLN - 02019-7573

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2942-
2944 North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) TABLE - 02019-7891

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1653-
1655 West Cortland Street.

(32) MEGMADE - 02019-7577

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2726-2728 North Elston Avenue.

(32) MEGMADE - 02019-7578

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2726-
2728 North Elston Avenue.

(32) PRERY - 02019-7580

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1714 North Damen Avenue.

(32) STARBUCKS COFFEE #2514 - 02019-7275

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3045 North Greenview Avenue.

24

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(32) THE GARDNER SCHOOL - 02019-7255

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1612 West North Avenue.

(32) THE GARDNER SCHOOL - 02019-7258

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises knoWn as 1612 West North Avenue.

(32) THE GARDNER SCHOOL - 02019-7564

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1612 West North Avenue.

(32) THE GARDNER SCHOOL LINCOLN PARK - 02019-7567

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2850
North Lincoln Avenue.

(32) TRICYCLE SUPPER CLUB - 02019-7283

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1700 North Damen Avenue.

(33) BEVERAGE FLAVORS INTERNATIONAL, LLC - 02019-7583

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 3150 North Campbell Avenue.

(33) DMSFIT, LLC - 02019-7313

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3136 West Montrose Avenue.

(33) TRASPASADA RESTAURANT - 02019-7320

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3144 North California Avenue.

(33) WILSON AND KEDZIE FOOD - 02019-7322

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4553 North Kedzie Avenue.

(34) I 57 GULF - 02019-7587

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 9901?
9909 South Halsted Street.

(35) 7-ELEVEN 29150E - 02019-7590

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3401
West lrving Park Road.

(35) CAMPOS SANTAYO REAL ESTATE, INC. - 02019-7327

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3551?3553 West Fullerton Avenue.

25

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(35) CLASSIC SHINE HAIR STUDIO, INC. - 02019-7329

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3455 West Irving Park Road.

(35) IGLESIA MISION DEL VALLE - 02019-7333

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 4325 West Armitage Avenue.

(35) PET SUPPLIES PLUS - 02019-7892

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3640
North Elston Avenue.

(36) ATHENA FLOWERS - 02019-7592

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 6039
West Addison Street.

(36) CARNICERIA LA VILLA NO. 2 - 02019-7893

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5800
West Grand Avenue.

(36) CARNICERIA LA VILLA NO. 2 - 02019-7894

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5800
West Grand Avenue.

(36) FIFTH SUN GRAPHIX, INC. - 02019-7346

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 5718 West Grand Avenue.

(36) LIVE PULTRY - 02019-7347

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5955 West Fullerton Avenue.

(36) BEAUTY SALON #2 - 02019-7349

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5757 West Fullerton Avenue.

(36) FOOD LIQUOR 1 - 02019-7594

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3550
North Austin Avenue.

(36) MBC MOBILE 1 - 02019-7598

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5959
West Fullerton Avenue.

(36) STATE FARM INS - 02019-7601

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5433
West Addison Street.

26

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(37) GLITZ CAR WASH - 02019-7895

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4521
West Grand Avenue.

(38) ONCE UPON A PARTY BANQUET - 02019-7352

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5911 West Montrose Avenue.

(39) MEENARI ORIENTAL RESTAURANT - 02019-7611

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3311
West Mawr Avenue.

(39) SUBWAY 26445 - 02019-7356

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3346 West Foster Avenue.

(39) SUBWAY 26445 - 02019-7607

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3346 West Foster Avenue.

(39) SUBWAY 26445 - 02019-7609

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3346
West Foster Avenue.

(39) THE FISH MARKET - 02019-7610

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 4423 North Elston Avenue.

(39) THE UPS STORE - 02019-7612

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3320
West Foster Avenue.

(40) AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATES - 02019-7360

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2409 West Lawrence Avenue.

(40) ANDERSONVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-7615

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Kiosk(s) on the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5624 North Clark Street.

(40) LA GOZADERA LATIN - 02019-7617

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2542
West Peterson Avenue.

(40) - 02019-7363

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1511 West Balmoral Avenue.

27

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(40) SIRRON PILATES, LLC - 02019-7619

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5434
North Clark Street.

(40) THE HIDDEN COVE - 02019-7896

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5338
North Lincoln Avenue.

(41) AMISH CUSTOM KITCHENS - 02019-7586

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6756 North Harlem Avenue.

(41) COSMETIC AUTO TRIM GLASS, INC. - 02019-7897

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 6166
North Northwest Highway.

(41) DOMINOS - 02019-7391

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5410 West Devon Avenue.

(41) DOMINOS - 02019-7588

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5410
West Devon Avenue .

(41) FREDERICK FOX - 02019-7589

To maintain and use, as now constructed, One (1) Occupation of space(s) (Shed) on the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 6439 North Navajo Avenue.

(41) ACE HARDWARE- NORWOOD PARK - 02019-7898

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5907
North Northwest Highway.

(41) HAR-HIG PROPERTIES, LLC - 02019-7393

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7150-7154 Higgins Avenue.

(41) HAR-HIG PROPERTIES, LLC - 02019-7591

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 7150-7154 Higgins Avenue.

(41) MATHERS MORE THAN A CAFE - 02019-7593

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7134
West Higgins Avenue.

(41) CUISINE FILIPINO RESTAURANT - 02019-7395

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6407 North Caldwell Avenue.

28

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(41) ON HIGGINS - 02019-7396

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 6954 West Higgins Avenue.

(42) 108 NORTH STATE STREET (CHICAGO) OWNER, LLC - 02019-7754

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 108 North State Street.

(42) 108 NORTH STATE STREET (CHICAGO) OWNER, LLC - 02019-7757

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 108 North State Street.

(42) 26-30 WEST HUBBARD, LLC - 02019-7761

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Ducts projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 26-30 West Hubbard Street.

(42) 26-30 WEST HUBBARD, LLC - 02019-7763

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Exterior mount(s) (Air Conditioning Unit) projecting
over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 26?30 West Hubbard Street.

(42) 303 MADISON - 02019-7758

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 303 West Madison Street.

(42) 50 EAST RANDOLPH INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7764

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 116 West Illinois Street.

(42) 55 E. MONROE INVESTMENT IV, LLC - 02019-7766

To construct, install, maintain and use fifteen (15) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 105-151 South Wabash Avenue .

(42) 730 FRANKLIN BUILDING OWNER, LLC - 02019-7760

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 730 North Franklin Street.

(42) 730 FRANKLIN BUILDING OWNER, LLC - 02019-7762

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Ramp(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 730 North Franklin Street.

(42) AEB CORPORATION - 02019-7656

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) step(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 18 West Ontario Street .

(42) ANN TAYLOR LOFT #1184 - 02019-7657

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 600
North Michigan Avenue.

29

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) ANN TAYLOR LOFT #1815 - 02019-7399

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 644 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-7402

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 16 West Randolph Street.

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-7659

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 1
South Franklin Street.

(42) ARGO TEA - 02019-7660

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 819
North Rush Street .

(42) BANDERA - 02019-7663

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 535
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) BARTON G-THE RESTAURANT - 02019-7666

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fourteen (14) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 415 North Dearborn Street.

(42) BARTON G-THE RESTAURANT - 02019-7668

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Stair Case (8) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 415 North Dearborn Street.

(42) - 02019-7669

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 230
East Ohio Street.

(42) BILLY GOAT TAVERN 8. GRILL - 02019-7671

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 430
North Michigan Avenue .

(42) BEVERAGE DEPOT - 02019-7902

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 213
West Grand Avenue.

(42) BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF ILLINOIS - 02019-7676

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eighteen (18) Caisson(s) under the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 300 East Randolph Street.

(42) BROADWAY LOAN COMPANY - 02019-7678

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 22
East Adams Street.

30

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) CC INDUSTRIES, INC. - 02019-7680

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Flag Po e(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 168 North Clinton Street.

(42) CC INDUSTRIES, INC. - 02019-7683

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Handicap Ramp(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 168 North Clinton Street.

(42) CELESTE DISCO - 02019-7684

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
111 West Hubbard Street.

(42) CH DISTILLERY - 02019-7405

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 564 West Randolph Street.

(42) CHICAGO SPORTS NOVELTY - 02019-7406

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 332 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) CLUB LAGO - 02019-7686

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) vault under the public right?of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 331 West Superior Street.

(42) EAST BANK STORAGE - OHIO KINGSBURY - 02019-7690

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Fire Escape(s) projecting over the public right?of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 429 West Ohio Street.

(42) EAST BANK STORAGE - OHIO KINGSBURY - 02019-7691

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) security camera(s) projecting over to its premises
known as 429 West Ohio Street.

(42) EAST BELLEVUE OWNER, LLC - 02019-7695

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Caisson(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 21 East Bellevue Place.

(42) EAST BELLEVUE OWNER, LLC - 02019-7699

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Vau t(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 21 East Bellevue Place.

(42) EDDIE WILD FISH - 02019-7701

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 521
North Rush Street.

(42) ELECTRIC HOTEL - 02019-7623

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Duct(s) projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 222 West Ontario Street.

31

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) FAIRFIELD INN - 02019-7702

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 216 East Ontario Street.

(42) FRANCOIS FRANKIE - 02019-7705

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 222
West Randolph Street.

(42) FRESHII - 02019-7706

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 50
East Washington Street.

(42) FRIEDMAN PROPERTIES, LTD. AS AGENT FOR GOODMAN-FRIEDMAN, LLC - 02019-7712
To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Cornice(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 150 North Dearborn Street.

(42) FRIEDMAN PROPERTIES, LTD. AS AGENT FOR GOODMAN-FRIEDMAN, LLC - 02019-7714
To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Roof Eave(s) projecting. over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 150 North Dearborn Street.

(42) FRIEDMAN PROPERTIES, LTD. AS AGENT FOR GOODMAN-FRIEDMAN, LLC - 02019-7717
To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Steel Sheet Piling(s) under the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 150 North Dearborn Street.

(42) GARRETT POPCORN SHOPS - 02019-7411

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 625 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) ON RUSH - 02019-7414

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 730 North Rush Street.

(42) ON RUSH - 02019-7721

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twenty two (22) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-
of?way adjacent to its premises known as 740 North Rush Street.

(42) ON RUSH - 02019-7725

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 730
North Rush Street.

(42) 0N RUSH - 02019-7728

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 730
North Rush Street.

(42) 0N RUSH - 02019-7730

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Window Frame(s) projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 740 North Rush Street.

32

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) GODDESS AND THE BAKER GRAND, LLC - 02019-7906

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 44
East Grand Avenue.

(42) HYATT PLACE CHICAGO DOWNTOWN THE LOOP - 02019-7727

To construct, install, maintain and use five (5) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 28 North Franklin Street .

(42) INTERMIX - 02019-7417

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 40 East Delaware Place.

(42) INTERPARK - 02019-7732

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 230 West Washington Street.

(42) LAKESHORE INTERACTIVE, LLC - 02019-7903

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 21
West Illinois Street.

(42) MAC MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. - 02019-7751

To construct, install, maintain and use six (6) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 640 North LaSalle Drive.

(42) - 02019-7734

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 10
East Chicago Avenue.

(42) - 02019-7735

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 203
North LaSalle Street.

(42) MERCADITO CHICAGO - 02019-7901

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 108
West Kinzie Street.

(42) METROPOLIS CONDOMINIUM ASSOCIATION - 02019-7737

To maintain and use, as now constructed, five (5) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 8 West Monroe Street.

(42) MICHIGAN PLAZA, LLC - 02019-7739

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Pedestrian Bridges projecting over the public right-of-
way adjacent to its premises known as 225 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) CANTINA - 02019-7900

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 155
West Kinize Street.

33

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(42) NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY - 02019-7743

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Manhole(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 303 East Superior Street.

(42) OLD CROW CHINESE CUISINE - 02019-7422

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 149-151 West Kinzie Street.

(42) PANDA EXPRESS #591 - 02019-7424

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 302 Wells Street.

(42) POTBELLY SANDWICH WORKS - 02019-7745 

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 57
East Chicago Avenue.

(42) PROJECT OUTDOOR, LLC - 02019-7904

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 549
North Wells Street.

(42) PROXI - 02019-7427

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 565 West Randolph Street.

(42) PIZZA AND DOUGH COMPANY - 02019-7905

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 411
East Illinois Street.

(42) RPO WELLS HOLDING, LLC - 02019-7747

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Cornice(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 548 North Wells Street.

(42) SOUND-BAR - 02019-7755

To maintain and use, as now constructed, twelve (12) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known
as 226 West Ontario Street.

(42) STATE WASHINGTON OWNER, LLC - 02019-7748

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 18?26 North State Street.

(42) STATE WASHINGTON OWNER, LLC - 02019-7749

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Vault(s) under the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 9?21 West Washington Street.

(42) STAYPINEAPPLE CHICAGO - 02019-7756

To construct, install, maintain and use eight (8) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1 West Washington Street.

34

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(42) STERLING BAY COMPANIES, LLC - 02019-7750

To maintain and use, as now constructed, nine (9) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 626 West Jackson Boulevard.

(42) STERLING BAY PROPERTY MANAGEMENT LLC - 02019-7753

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) security camera(s) adjacent to its premises known as
130anst Randolph Street.

(42) THE BLOMMER CHOCOLATE CO. - (SUBSTITUTE) - 802019-7674

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises
known as 600 West Kinzie Street.

(42) THE BLOMMER CHOCOLATE C0. - (SUBSTITUTE) - 802019-7675

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Occupation of Space for loading and offloading on the
public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 600 West Kinzie Street.

(42) THE - 02019-7409

To maintain and use, as now constructed, seven (7) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 205 West Monroe.

(42) THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY - 02019-7740

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) covered pedestrian bridge projecting over the public
right?of-way adjacent to its premises known as 50 South LaSalle Street and 181 West Madison Street.
(42) THE PURPLE PIG - 02019-7746

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 444
North Michigan Avenue.

(42) WALGREENS #3072 - 02019-7899

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 641
North Clark Street.

(43) 2210 HALSTED, LLC - 02019-7658

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) balcony(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 2210 North Halsted Street.

(43) 2210 HALSTED, LLC - 02019-7661

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one(1) Bay Window(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2210 North Halsted Street.

(43) 2210 HALSTED, LLC - 02019-7664

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2210 North Halsted Street.

(43) BATTER BERRIES, LLC - 02019?7625

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Door Swings(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to
its premises known as 2748 North Lincoln Avenue .

35

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) ENGEL VOLKERS - 02019-7627

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2401
North Clark Street.

(43) 99 BARBERSHOP - 02019-7629

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one(1) Light Pole(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2572 North Clark Street .

(43) HINESIMCCAFFERY CONDO MANAGER, LLC - 02019-7632

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2350 North Orchard Street.

(43) LAND TRUST 310011 - 02019-7633

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Roof Eave(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 43 East Burton Place.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-7636

To maintain and use, as now constructed, One (1) Sculpture(s) (Public Art) on the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2662 North Clark Street.

(43) LINCOLN PARK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-7908

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 2468
North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) LUSH HANDMADE COSMETICS - 02019-7429

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 859 West Armitage Avenue.

(43) MAYAN PALACE - 02019-7643

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 2721
North Halsted Street.

(43) TAVERN GRILLE - 02019-7645

To maintain and use, as now constructed, eight (8) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 950 West Webster Avenue.

(43) PARKVIEW APARTMENTS - 02019-7650

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Fire Escape (5) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1936 North Clark Street.

(43) - 02019-7430

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 1925 North Lincoln Avenue.

(43) - 02019-7651

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right?of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1925 North Lincoln Avenue.

36

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(43) RICCARDO ENOTECA - 02019-7648

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 2116 North Clark Street.

(43) TAPSTER - 02019-7907

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1059
West Wrightwood Avenue.

(43) VINCI - 02019-7652

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) Steps(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1732 North Halsted Street.

(43) VOSGES HAUT-CHOCOLAT - 02019-7655

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 951 West Armitage Avenue.

(44) 538-50 W. DIVERSEY - 02019-7608

To maintain and use, as now constructed,one (1) Door Swing(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 538-550 West Diversey Parkway .

(44) BBU SPA - 02019-7909

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3021
North Broadway.

(44) CASCADE INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7596

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Fire Escape(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3000-3002 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL #3433 - 02019-7597

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1025
West Addison Street.

(44) DRYHOP BREWERS - 02019-7599

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3155-
3159 North Broadway. 

(44) ESENCIA URBAN KITCHEN - 02019-7600

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Door Swing(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3351 North Broadway.

(44) FUNNEL, LLC - 02019-7433

To maintain and use, as now constructed, fifteen (15) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3300 North Broadway.

(44) GRAHAM CRACKERS COMICS - 02019-7436

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3162 North Broadway.

37

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(44) HARMONY MANAGEMENT - 02019-7602

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Ramp(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its

premises known as 3359 North Southport Avenue.

(44) HUTCH - 02019-7437

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way

adjacent to its premises known as 3301 North Clark Street.

(44) LOFT - 02019-7603

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 662

West Diversey Parkway.

(44) LOU GREY #4506 - 02019-7604

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way

adjacent to its premises known as 3442 North Southport Avenue.

(44) OVER BREAD CORP. - 02019-7439

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way

adjacent to its premises known as 3435 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) PING PONG - 02019-7441

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way

adjacent to its premises known as 3322 North Broadway.

(44) - 02019-7605

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
. adjacent to its premises known as 3358 North Sheffield Avenue.

(44) SMOKE SHOP NOVELTIES AND STUFF - 02019-7910

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3248

North Clark Street.

(44) DINER - 02019-7606

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) Ornament(s) projecting over the public right-of?way

adjacent to its premises known as 3042 North Broadway.

(44) THE BELMONT BY RESIDE - 02019-7595

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) Fire Escape(s) projecting over the public right-of-way

adjacent to its premises known as 3170 North Sherdian Road.

(44) BAR GRILL - 02019-7444

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way

adjacent to its premises known as 3857 North Southport Avenue.

(45) DISCOUNTS - 02019-7647

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 3925

North Cicero Avenue.

38

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(45) HOPS AND BARLEY - 02019-7654

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4359 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) DREAM IN COLOR FROSEN DELIGHTS - 02019-7662

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 4968 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(45) ROSS DRESS FOR LESS - 02019-7665

To maintain and use five (5) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 3925
North Cicero Avenue.

(45) UNFORGETABLE LOUNGE - 02019-7456

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4206 West Irving Park Road.

(46) HALSTED STREET BEACH TANNING SALON - 02019-7463

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3741 North Halsted Street.

(46) JENNIFER K. ROWLAND - 02019-7667

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 4315 North Hazel Street.

(46) KIT KAT LOUNGE AND RESTAURANT - 02019-7670

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) sculptures on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 3700 North Halsted Street.

(46) PHOENIX BOWL - 02019-7672

To maintain and use, as now constructed, three (3) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3610 North Pine Grove Avenue.

(46) TATTOO FACTORY - 02019-7673

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4439-4443 North Broadway.

(47) ANDERSONVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - 02019-7679

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) kiosk on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 5137 North Clark Street.

(47) BAKERY, INC. - 02019-7681 .

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 3329 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) INC. - 02019-7911

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4756-
4760 North Lincoln Avenue.

39

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

WARD

(47) DINER - 02019-7466

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1820-1822 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) DINER - 02019-7685

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1820-1822 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) DINER - 02019-7687

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1820-1822 West Montrose Avenue.

(47) JCYS IRIS STEVEN PODOLSKY FAMILY CENTER - 02019-7689

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) banner(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 2112 West Lawrence Avenue.

(47) JIMMY JOHNS SANDWICH SHOPS - 02019-7469

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5109 North Clark Street.

(47) LINCOLN FLATS, LLC - 02019-7693

To construct, install, maintain and use two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of-way
adjacent to its premises known as 3901 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) PASTA PASSION RESTAURANT - 02019-7472

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 4647 North Lincoln Avenue.

(47) PORT PARK BISTRO AND BAR - 02019-7474

To construct, install, maintain and use three (3) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way adjacent
to its premises known as 4000-4006 North Southport Avenue.

(47) PORT PARK BISTRO AND BAR - 02019-7694

To maintain and use, as now constructed, ten (10) light fixture(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 4000-4006 North Southport Avenue.

(47) FROZEN CUSTARD, LLC - 02019-7698

To maintain and use, as now Constructed, five (5) park benches on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 1658 West Belmont Avenue.

(47) FROZEN CUSTARD, LLC - 02019-7700

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) planter(s) on the public right-of?way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 1658 West Belmont Avenue.

(47) FROZEN CUSTARD, LLC - 02019-7708

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) trash container on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 1658 West Belmont Avenue.

40

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(47) WOLCOE, LLC - 02019-7709

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) bay windows projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1847 West Roscoe Street.

(47) RESTAURANT - 02019-7475

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 3949 North Ashland Avenue.

(48) ALGONQUIN VENTURE REAL ESTATE, LLC - 02019-7688

To maintain and use three (3) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1135
West Sheridan Road.

(48) ALLSTATE INSURANCE - 02019-7692

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5245
North Clark Street.

(48) BROADWAY CELLARS - 02019-7477

To maintain and use, as now constructed, four (4) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5900 North Broadway.

(48) BROADWAY CELLARS - 02019-7677

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) planter(s) on the public right-of-way for beautification
purposes adjacent to its premises known as 5900 North Broadway.

(48) BRYN MAWR SHERIDAN - 02019-7682

To maintain and use, as now constructed, six (6) roof eaves projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5556 North Sheridan Road.

(48) CAFE HOANG - 02019-7479

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1020 West Argyle Street.

(48) EXPOSITION CARPET COMPANY, INC. - 02019-7482

To maintain and use, as now constructed, two (2) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 5718 North Broadway.

(48) LYNAMY BEAUTY SUPPLY - 02019-7697

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 4925
North Broadway.

(48) #8522 - 02019-7912

To maintain and use four (4) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known as 5201
North Sheridan Road.

(48) RAYGUN, LLC - 02019-7913

To maintain and use two (2) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5207
North Clark street.

41

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(48) TALARD THAI MARKET - 02019-7704

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 5351?
5353 North Broadway.

(48) VALUE SERVICES, INC. - 02019-7483

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6040 North Broadway.

(49) CASH AMERICA PAWNIGOLD STAR JEWELRY COIN - 02019-7703

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 7046
North Clark Street.

(49) CHILDRENS ACADEMY OF NORTH SHORE, LTD. - 02019-7707

To construct, install, maintain and use one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of-way adjacent to its
premises known as 1225 West Morse Avenue.

(49) PRODUCTIONS, INC. - 02019-7914

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of-way adjacent to its premises known [as 6912
North Glenwood Avenue.

(49) MARC REALTY RESIDENTIAL LLCICHICAGO APARTMENT FINDERS - 02019-7710

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) fence(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to its
premises known as 7255 North Bell Avenue.

(49) SOUTH OF THE BORDER - 02019-7915

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right?of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1416
West Morse Avenue.

(49) T-MOBILE - 02019-7713

To maintain and use one (1) sign(s) over the public right-of?way adjacent to its premises known as 1209
West Arthur Avenue.

(49) VTONE FITNESS - 02019-7487

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 1550 West Jarvis Avenue.

(50) AMEERA FOOD - 02019-7490

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6415 North Western Avenue.

(50) CHICAGO LIVE POULTRY - 02019-7492

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) awning(s) projecting over the public right-of?way
adjacent to its premises known as 6421 North Western Avenue.

(50) PETITE ELITE ACADEMY, INC. - 02019-7716

To maintain and use, as now constructed, one (1) bicycle rack(s) on the public right-of?way adjacent to
its premises known as 7008 North Western Avenue.

42

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY:

 

WARD

(50) RADIO ADVERTISING, INC. - 02019-7720 
To mainta__in_and use one (1) sign(s_) right-of-Way agjacent to its premises Known. as 3312
West Peterson Avenue.

43

ORDERS FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

 

WARD

(1) SILLI KORI - 02019-7208

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2053 West Division Street.

(2) FFC- OLD TOWN - 02019-7211

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1235 North LaSalle Drive.

(2) MATT CERNEY - 02019-7212

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2112 West Le Moyne Street.

(2) THE MOODY CHURCH - 02019-7215

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1635 North LaSalle Drive.

(3) LAKESIDE BANK - 02019-7224

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1350 South Michigan Avenue.

(3) MCCORMICK HOSPITALITY SOUTH, LLC - 02019-7225

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2300?2308 South Indiana Avenue.
(5) CAPITAL ONE CAFE - 02019-7226

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1465 East 53rd Street.

(12) SUPERMERCADO MI LUPITA - 02019-7228

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2701 West 23rd Street.

(20) HISTORIC STAND, LP HOLSTEN REAL ESTATE - 02019-7230

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 6321 South Cottage Grove Avenue.
(23) MARISCOS EL KORA - 02019-7257

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 5207-5209 South Archer Avenue.
(25) BANANA GLADES, 24 S. MORGAN - 02019-7260

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 24 South Morgan Street.

(25) CHICAGO, LLC - 02019-7263

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1001 West Washington Boulevard.
(25) HAYMARKET APARTMENTS JOINT VENTURE LP - 02019-7274
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 939 West Washington Boulevard.
(25) HAYMARKET APARTMENTS JOINT VENTURE LP - 02019-7277
To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 19 North Morgan Street.

(26) RESTAURANT POZOLERIA SAN JUAN - 02019-7285

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1523 North Pulaski Road.

(27) JORDAN MOZER ASSOCIATES, LTD. - 02019-7291

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 320 North Laflin Street.

(27) RIVER NORTH DEVCO, LLC - 02019-7295

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 808 North Wells Street.

(30) TRENDY TOPICS - 02019-7296

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 6000 West Belmont Avenue.

(32) 2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02019-7331

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 2522 North Milwaukee Avenue.

44

ORDERS FOR GRANTS 0F PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: CANOPIES

WARD

(32) 2500 MILWAUKEE, LLC - 02019-7339

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 2480 North Milwaukee Avenue.
(32) LINCOLN AVENUE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-7326

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3045 North Lincoln Avenue.
(32) THE GARDNER SCHOOL - 02019-7317

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 1612 West North Avenue.
(41) FURNITURE UPHOLSTERY - 02019-7342

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 7106 West Higgins Avenue.
(42) 50 EAST RANDOLPH INVESTMENTS, LLC - 02019-7379

To maintain and use (4) canopies located at 116 West Illinois Street.

(42) 730 FRANKLIN BUILDING OWNER, LLC - 02019-7412

To maintain and use (3) canopies located at 730 North Franklin Street.
(42) ALL SAINTS - 02019-7344

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 46 East Walton Street.

(42) CIBC THEATRE - 02019-7350

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 22 West Monroe Street.

(42) DOC - 02019-7353

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 55 East Grand Avenue.

(42) EMBASSY SUITES - 02019-7355

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 600 North State Street.

(42) ONNI GRAND LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - 02019-7362

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 369 West Grand Avenue.
(42) ROQUE COMPANY - 02019-7365

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 24 West Erie Street.

(42) THE LELYN GROUP, INC. - 02019-7359

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 444 North Orleans Street.
(43) GASLIGHT BAR 8. GRILLE - 02019-7416

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2450 North Clark Street.
(43) LINCOLN HALL - 02019-7420

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 2424-2426 North Lincoln Avenue.
(44) 538-550 W. DIVERSEY - 02019-7431

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 538-550 West Diversey Parkway.
(44) THE BELMONT BY RESIDE - 02019-7425

To maintain and use (1) canopies located at 3170 North Sheridan Road.
(45) MC FOOD DRINKS - 02019-7435

To maintain and use (2) canopies located at 4328 West Irving Park Road.

45

ORDINANCES FOR GRANTS OF PRIVILEGE IN THE PUBLIC WAY: SIDEWALK CAFES

 

WARD

(1) THE WHALE CHICAGO - 02019-7461

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 2427-2431 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(2) 25 DEGREES - 02019-7462

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 736 North Clark Street.

(32) SMALL CHEVAL - 02019-7465

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 1732 North Milwaukee Avenue.

(40) PIE CAFE - 02019-7467

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 5357 North Ashland Avenue.

(42) FLORAFAU NA - 02019-7470

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 11 West Illinois Street.

(42) KALIFLOWER - 02019-7476

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of-way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 333 North Michigan Avenue.

(42) LIMITLESS COFFEE TEA - 02019-7499

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 675 North Wells Street.

(42) THE RUIN DAILY - 02019-7502

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 328 South Jefferson Street.

(46) SELAM MARKET AND RESTAURANT, LLC - 02019-7503

To maintain and use a portion of the public right-of?way for a sidewalk cafe adjacent to its premises
located at 4543 North Broadway.

46

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(2) 2501 SOUTHPORT LLC - 02019-7129

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2501 
SOUTHPORT LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 2501-2503 North Southport Avenue.

(2) RDLD BUILD 1425 FULLERTON LLC - 02019-6833

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt RDLD BUILD 1425
FULLERTON LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 1425 West Fullerton Avenue.

(4) REAL ESTATE, LLC - 02019-7154

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt REAL
ESTATE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 4644-4658 South Drexel Boulevard.

(8) FINER AKHRAS - 02019-7148

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt FINER
AKHRAS from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley
ingress and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 1924 East 87th Street.

(23) DOMINGUEZ TRUCK REPAIR - 02019-7159

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt DOMINGUEZ
TRUCK REPAIR from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 4056 West 54th Street.

(25) HEBRU J. BRANTLEY - 02019-7795

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt HEBRU J.
BRANTLEY from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress
to the parking facilities located at 1601 South Morgan Street.

(27) FULTON GALLEY - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7736

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Fulton Galley on
07/24/2019, and printed upon page 3531 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended by
deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions and compensation amounts.

(27) GUILLERMO MEZO - 02019-7136

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt GUILLERMO MEZO
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 2678 West Washington Boulevard.

(27) KITCHEN UNITED, LLC - 02019-7150

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt KITCHEN UNITED,
LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 201 North Elizabeth Street.

47

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(27) SKYFALL OWNER, LLC - 02019-7134

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt SKYFALL OWNER,
LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 1020 North Elston Avenue.

(28) 133 ASHLAND LAND, LLC - 02019-7167

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 133 ASHLAND
LAND, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress
to the parking facilities located at 133 South Ashland Avenue.

(28) JTM AUTO, LLC - 02019-7162

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt JTM AUTO, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 354 South Cicero Avenue.

(30) JOHN NOVI - 02019-6780

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Commissioner of Transportation to take the actions necessary
to honorarily designate West Belmont Avenue, between North Central Park Avenue and North Lawndale
Avenue as, "Honorary John Novi Way".

(32) PALMER PARK, LLC - 02019-7137

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt PALMER PARK, LLC
from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 3228 West Palmer Street.

(33) 2910 MONTROSE, LLC - 02019-7174

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt 2910 
MONTROSE, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or
egress to the parking facilities located at 2924 West Montrose Avenue.

(38) MONTROSE DELI, INC. - 02019-7132

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt MONTROSE DELI,
INC. from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the
parking facilities located at 5407?5411 West Montrose Avenue.

(39) PRO MOTORS - 02019-6904

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt PRO MOTORS from
the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress and/or egress to the parking
facilities located at 4837 North Pulaski Road.

(42) DANA HOTEL AND SPA (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7696

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Dana Hotel and
Spa on 01/25/2017, and printed upon page 41977 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby amended
by deleting the words "Dana Hotel and Spa" and inserting in their place the words "Eurostars
Magnificent Mile".

48

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7711

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93022 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7715

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93026 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner LLC and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7718

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93022 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner LLC and inserting in their the place
the words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7719

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93023 ofthe C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7722

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93023 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner LLC and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7723

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93023 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7724

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93024 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting the words 
NMA Office Owner 

49

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7726

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93024 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7729

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner LLC on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93024 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7731

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner LLC on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93025 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner LLC and inserting the words 
NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7733

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA APL
Owner LLC on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93025 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(42) W-Z NMA OFFICE OWNER LLC - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7738

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for W-Z NMA Office
Owner L.L.C. on 12/12/2018, and printed upon page 93025 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is
hereby amended by deleting the words NMA APL Owner and inserting in their place the
words NMA Office Owner 

(44) BOBTAIL SODA FOUNTAIN - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7744

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for Bobtail Soda
Fountain on 09/20/2018, and printed upon page 84479 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting the words "Bobtail Soda Fountain? and inserting in their place the words "Johnson's
Real Ice Cream".

(44) INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE TEA - (AMENDMENT) - 02019-7741

An amendment to an ordinance passed by the City Council of the City of Chicago for lntelligentsia Coffee
Tea on 06/12/2019, and printed upon page 1549 of the C.J.P. of the City of Chicago is hereby
amended by deleting and inserting language regarding dimensions, seating capacity and hours of
operations.

50

MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS:

 

WARD

(45) DESIGN, LLC DIBIA UNISON HOME - 02019-7140

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt DESIGN, LLC
UNISON HOME from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 5480 North Elston Avenue.

(48) MICHAEL H. ROSE OF CLARK 6001, LLC - 02019-7144

An ordinance authorizing and directing the Department of Transportation to exempt MICHAEL H. ROSE
OF CLARK 6001, LLC from the provisions requiring barriers as a prerequisite to prohibit alley ingress
and/or egress to the parking facilities located at 6001 North Clark Street.

51

SUBDIVISION

WARD

(47) THE WOLCOTT AT RAVENSWOOD SUBDIVISION - 02019-6977
A proposed subdivision bounded by approximately by West Lawrence Avenue, West Leland Avenue,
North Ravenswood Avenue and North Wolcott Avenue for FEPH Highland Park, LLC.

52

ORDINANCES FOR VACATIONS, DEDICATIONS, OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS OF
STREETS AND ALLEYS:

 

 

WARD

(24) MONTCLARE LAWNDALE SLF CORPORATION - 02019-6929

A proposed dedication of public alley in the block bounded by West 18th Place, West 19th Street, South
Kildare Avenue and South Kostner Avenue

(24) PROPOSED TRANSFER OF NFP RDA FROM 2003 AIDSCARE TO 2019 HEARTLAND
GARDEN VIEW - 02019-6937

A proposed transfer of a Redevelopment Agreement on a previous Not for Profit Program vacation of the
North-South alley in the block bounded by West Roosevelt Road, West 13th Street, South Sawyer
Avenue and South Kedzie Avenue. 

(25) CDOT ENGINEERING WIDENING - 02019-6928

A proposed opening to vehicular traffic of a length of street on the south side of West Harrison Street
between South Wells and South Canal Street; and a length of street on the west side of South Wells
Street between West Harrison Street and West Roosevelt Road for the public good.

(27) CHICAGO TITLE LAND TRUSTS 25320 AND 25142 (BENEFICIARY: HAYMARKET REAL
ESTATE HOLDINGS, LLC) - 02019-4110

A proposed vacation of the north-south dedicated alley in area bounded by West Fulton Market, North
Sangamon Street, North Morgan Street and West Lake Street.

53

